hey there, just chilling, learning some new words, found this amazing new plugin in Obsidian called Dictionary or something like that and i really love one of its providers for definitions, which is called Offline dicitonary. it provides some really clear explanations and examples and i understand literally every new word now thanks to those explanations.

just got interested in exploring how other people use their obsidian to journal and installed this cool plugin called Calendar, very useful. when you click on a day, you are carried into your daily note, which is tremendously helpful for journaling i think. i also wanted to create some sort of a template and go down that rabbit hole, cause there's a Templater plugin which allows for some deeper customization with probably things that are similar to VS Code's snippets and maybe some JS in it, but decided not to for now. since my journaling just like this, just writing down my thoughts on a blank page used to work and still does extremely well and it is good enough for me.

but anyway, its still a morning, im still waking up i think. i saw a gigantic house fly in my room near the window and decided to start a hunt for it. i was all over my room with a rag

hey there. not feeling too good to be honest, had a conflict with my sister where i pushed her after she drenched me in water. and that happened because i petted her with a phone to her side which she percieved as an attack. and yeah generally i dont feel good, my sleep was bad. and this is very interesting and fucking annoying, i did get just enough sleep and wasnt waking up or anything, but i had some nightmares, at least one, just before i woke up, and i didnt go to bed in time, i went an hour later, so this must've affected my sleep quality. so yeah, shitty day, not sure what to do next, the parents must arrive in 2 hours, and i have no motivation to code, i finished watching Clarkson's farm and i dont know if i wanna start any other show. but it was definitely fun. i dont know, my head just hurts right now and i dont feel like doing anything. plus the neighbors above being neigbors from above, you know how it is. fucking screaming and being fucking dicks and junkies. fucking junkyard this hood is. alright, imma go watch some movie maybe, cause i dont know what else to do. peace out.

hey there, matey. so its almost exactly 5pm now, and lets get a quick summary of the day written down, shall we? so, as you can see from the previous notes, the day wasn't going so great, and the main reason for that was my quarrel with sister about something unimportant. But that conflict seemed to have resolved itself, and she just moved on from it without thinking much about it afterwards. There was a thunder outside and our dog Lucky was shaking and really scared cause he was in the village before the granparents evacuated and he obviously witnessed all the bombings himself. So yeah, a dog with PTSD. porbably like anyone else in this country. but yeah, we sort of moved on from the argument with my sister, she probably just forgiven me and went to a hairdresser with mom recently. so yeah, the day has mostly been uneventful, thankfully probably. i havent gone to the store today as it was raining and generally i wasnt in the mood most of the day. and i still am not really, but definitely feeling better after feeling a sort of a relief from our argument with my sister. i thought of watching some movie, but again, i dont think its the right time so most of the time during this day i spent either watching something interesting on youtube, particularly about obsidian and some cool ways to improve my experience in it. gotta say though, bro, obsidian is absolutely mindblowingly amazing. i have never expected it to be that great and so much useful. when migrating from Joplin i just thought that it was yet another one of those Joplins, you know? but it turned out to be so much more, thanks to the massive active community supporting it with plugins and themes. today, in particular, i have found a plugin called Calendar and also found a way to embed images without them taking up huge space, or any at all for that matter, on the hard drive. so regarding calendar, its a very useful extension that is just a calendar view, i placed it in my right sidebar and its always visible. when you click on a day in the calendar, you are transfered into the daily note of that day. i also just filled in the daily notes from the bigger journal file that i had for a while now. thankfully i had a github repo, which preserves history of changes of course, and at some point i had days labeled in that file so i could easily fill in the different days i was journaling, just create daily notes for them and organize a bit by putting in a separate folder. so yeah, reorganized my journal, now each day when i was journaling has its separate daily note. and also the calendar plugin allows for weekly notes, i will definitely test it out this sunday. i am also curious to see how i can possibly migrate my tasks that i currently have set up in habitica into obsidian as well. and now that im thinking about it, let me create a note to remember it. Process of transferring tasks, both daily and one-timers, from Habitica into Obsidian.

okay, so some time have passed now, its currently around 8:30pm on the clock and i wrote down some info on the page i linked about and then proceeded to watch some youtube videos on how other people do their todos in Obsidian. and the general idea i got is to set up a template for the new daily task which will first have the daily checklist with tasks that need to be completed during the day on the different times during it and also below it we need a dynamic reactive list of tasks that are just our global todos and once we check them off we want them to disappear. so regarding the todos i think our best bet would be to set up a simple todos note and pull data from it using dataview. now i just gotta break this down and we will proceed in the note we've already created, but introduce a new chapter into it. out for now, will report results as soon as i get there. over and out