DS'4{9xY;7)wen-v

Lord Jesus please help me. i think im becoming spiritually lazy. please forgive me Lord Jesus Christ. i dont wanna spend eternity without You Lord GOD. what shall i do Lord GOD? 

i just went on twitch and preached there to a few people. i honestly just 

thank You Jesus Christ our Lord Almighty God so much Lord Jesus Christ our Holy God for providing for us, for protecting us, for healing us, for taking care of us, for saving us, for loving us, for nourishing us, for sanctifying us and for using us to accomplish Your Holy Will Lord Jesus Christ our Almighty God thank You King Jesus Christ our Lord Almighty God Most High Lord of Lords and King of Kings thank You Jesus 

Praise God, O people, for the Lord is good. Worship our Lord Jesus for He provides. Love and abound in God's love for you for it is the will of our Father in Heaven Christ Jesus our Lord. Give thanks to God for He saved us from death and His wrath. Glorify God and thank Him continuously no matter what you do.

But let all who take refuge in You be glad,
Let them ever sing for joy;
And may You shelter them,
That those who love Your name may exult in You.
— Psalm 5:11

Rejoice in the Lord always; again I will say, rejoice!
— Philippians 4:4

Every good thing given and every perfect gift is from above, coming down from the Father of lights, with whom there is no variation or shifting shadow.
— James 1:17

The LORD is good to all,
And His mercies are over all His works.
— Psalm 145:9

Give thanks to the LORD, for He is good;
For His lovingkindness is everlasting.
— Psalm 118:29

Praise the LORD, for the LORD is good;
Sing praises to His name, for it is lovely.
— Psalm 135:3

For the LORD is good;
His lovingkindness is everlasting
And His faithfulness to all generations.
— Psalm 100:5