---
---
[Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/r?pli=1), [Tasks](https://todoist.com/app/today)

Hey there, man. Just woke up, it's 8 32 am. Made a donate and checked news. The classes schedule is yet to be announced, even though the semester is starting tomorrow. Insane. I was dreaming about how I was jumping with a parachute, which at some point got damaged somehow and I was falling down to earth and when I fell, 2km away from my destination, as I said in a dream, I went to my mom in atb, and she asked if I have parachutes for my sister, at least 5, because it's her birthday. I asked why the heck do we need parachutes for her. She said just in case. Then I had a dream of playing some sort of ancient city builder where I first had just a few little wooden huts and almost no water. There were some other people there as well of course. And somehow I managed to get all the water we had into my hands, holding it in front of me and for some reason I thought that by pouring it from one hand to the templaother will increase the amount of water we have. And when I did it, it increased lmao. And so I was calling for some other dudes to do something, probably to bring some sort of a container for that water. Then I had a dream where I was in modern times most likely and it was somewhere in some tropical, maybe even African country and it was at some sort of military camp that looked like a bus station next to a train station lol literally. And I suppose I was going to join the military and was coming to that camp. I don't remember much, but I remember talking to some dudes out there, just casually chilling when one said that there's a rumor that says that all black people automatically go into the frontlines with no equipment. And as we turned our heads to the side, we saw a giant column of black people marching through grass with their hands tied in front of them, literally like ancient Egyptian slaves, and they had leopard 2 tanks driving besides them, but without any gun attached to the front of a tower. That was crazy but I think that's all I remember from my dreams. Oh maybe also a little fragment where I was in some white painted room next to a couch and our grandma who was decorating the walls, supposedly for my sister's birthday. The room was all filled with sunlight and we didn't talk, as fast as I remember. And by the way this supposed birthday of my sister is Kate's birthday. Well, supposed to be. Even though her birthday is quite a long time away. But probably I just got impressed by crafting that birthday congratulation for our cousin and that somehow influenced my dreams. Alright, anyway, I'll be getting up now, my birds are very active already, chirping and speaking with dive birds outside and plus it's almost 9 am now so really gotta wake up now. Have a good day now, cya later bro.

Alright, om on my PC now. sorted out all the morning tasks, except for giving food and water to my budgies, which i will go ahead and do right now and come back to you asap. I just discovered that i had a "September 02, 2023 - seesmof" file in journal. i dont know what the fuck is that, where the hell its coming from. probably some shenanigans with synchronization, i must suspect. but yeah, lemme give my birds some food and water and we'll be back.

hiya. okay, i feel like i need a bit of an outlet of my thoughts cause im getting a bit caught up in those. i need to take a step back and look at everything that im doing and thats going on around me. so, i just finished my cleaning, which is great, but what i also have accomplished today is i reorganized my daily journal note template. and now all it has on the header is just two links - to my calendar and to my tasks in todoist. yeah, gotta tell you about todoist too, cause it looks pretty great so far. so, i decided to delete the global tasks. and, before i forget, i also just unlinked all the mentions of that page so it doesnt clutter my graph view. now my graph indeed looks very clean. im not entirely sure what exactly was causing all that mess with tons of links to completely irrelevant pages, but now i think i got it all figured out. so, regarding todoist and my calendar. a few days ago, probably on this week, i decided to try out a service called Reclaim.ai. even though it has AI in the name, its not really too relevant to the AI. its a calendar app that is supposedly can intelligently reschedule tasks, meetings, so on. and i decided to give it a try cause one of the utubers i watch on obsidian recommended it. and i thought why not. cause i stopped using calendar right when my previous semester eneded im pretty sure. and so i decided like why not to give it a shot, since it looks pretty promising. but i dont know why, but after i tried it, it seemed really weird, complicated and unclear to me what the fuck is even going on there. i couldn't my calendar which is like supposed to be what this product is about, right? but i dont know, even though they had a seemengly clear sidebar with a menu in it, the subscribed me to their business plan or whatever so all the features were unlocked, without my concsent of course. it obvisouly didnt cost any money, i dont have my card info anywhere, but just the fact that they just gave me this access to everything without me knowing what i will not be able to use after this plan stops kind of pissed me of. so i guess its just one of those promising on paper AI startups that literally flooded the market at the end of 2022 and beginning of 2023. so i just moved on. and i found a better way of organizing all the stuff. so, as you've already figured out, keyboard is much faster and much more convenient to navigate and manipulate with a PC than a combination of mouse and minimal usage of keyboard. and so yesterday i set up a very basic chrome extension. and i keep calling it a chrome extension even though my browser is Brave for a while now, but yeah, its a browser extension that just allows to add a keyboard shortcut in order to open ChatGPT page, which turned out tremendously helpful and allowed me to delete ChatHub extension from my browser. and today i found out about this todoist app, and guess from whom? from the guy, whose channel is called FromSergio or something like this. yeah, thats exactly what its called. and literally i cannot understate how much help did he provide for my setup of obsidian and generally figuring it out, understanding how to take better notes, and just telling what stuff he uses, what helps him and so on. and that really helps. so today i stumbled upon his video where he was talking about his personal todoist setup, but i wasnt that interested in that part of the video, as i dont really care how he got it setup, but i definitely appreciated the idea of having just one place, that is specifically dedicated to tracking your tasks and todos for the day and not only, and i heard about the app before, so i thought if sergio recommends it, i might wanna give it a shot. and i dont regret i did. at first the interface looked really bare bones and for some time i was afraid that it doesn't have a recurring task feature even. but my fears quickly evaporated as i started experimenting with it and diving deeper into its functionality. so pretty much what todoist is is just a task tracking app, obviously, but it has some features that make it very convenient to add and manage your tasks. so the way i got it set up now is i connected it to my calendar and every event on my calendar right now is a todoist task. if i wanna add some other event, i disabled my default calendar and left only the todoist one active so if i add something else, it will show up on my todoist which is extremely cool. i also even discovered probably a little bug, and i dont think i am supposed to be able to do it cause this feature is marked as pro only, but i can change the duration of the task in todoist itself by adjusting how long it lasts in my calendar which is really exciting. and so far its going really good, ive completed my weekly cleanup with the help of todoist and yeah, i really hope it can boost my productivity and make me more organized. and i was already not forgetting stuff as much as i used to, but of course better be safe than sorry. and calendar used to help really well with tracking my tasks, but the combination of calendar, plus a todoist is just fire. mom just came into my room to propose me some grapes, and i dont mind them honestly so ill be having some grapes now. is that how its translated? grapes? виноград. yeah, thats right, grapes. where was i? oh yeah, the combination of todoist plus the calendar is just absolutely fire, im loving it so far. now it looks like a real system of tools for all sorts of productivity related tasks. and what i love the most is each tool serves the purpose it was intended to serve. the obsidian is for note taking and knowledge managment, todoist is for task managment and offloading your brain from having to remember all the unnecessary stuff, and calendar is for visualizing your tasks and routines so that its easier to comprehend. really loving it and i am extremely grateful i have an opportunity to experience all that. and honestly im quite excited now for the next semester to really put this system into the test. and the next semester starts tomorrow though, so i wont have to wait for much long. just gotta remember though to not take many notes during lectures, but to take notes after the lectures and trying to recall everything that was being said. i will also try to complete the home tasks as quickly as possible so they dont become a burden on me hanging there and causing me unnecessary stress. plus, my attitude towards knowledge has really changed lately. i dont approach it as hard or scary, i just try to break it down as much as possible and work with the smallest possible pieces. and that works great honestly. and now that im kind of hyped up and ready for the university to start, i sort of abandoned my web development, with one unfinished project which kind of sucks, but i hope i will try to finish it tomorrow. and im not sure how much do i have left there, im talking about pixoto, just in case. i have to add the blog, contact is done, about us, and i dont remember what else. but im pretty sure ill be having some more important stuff ill need to be doing. leetcode in particular, im pretty sure ill be diving into that really heavily next semester cause we'll have two dedicated disciplines to that, being 121-6 Спортивне Програмування and 121-1 Алгоритми та Структури Даних, but also i will be, as always, taking parts in some sort of competitions in competitive programming, so gotta make sure i dont embarrass myself like i did last year. but yeah, i think i will wrap it up on this note. i dont know what im gonna do now, i would like to watch some movie now, cause the last movie i watched was whiplas and it was on August 26th and now its September 3rd, so yeah. but then i hope i can continue coding pixoto for a bit. alright, take care now, cya later, have a good one.

okay, hiya there. just watched barbie movie from 2023, i dont know what to say about it, so ill just leave it. it was well made and i loved the cast. Ryan Gosling for the win. now i wanna complete my task that i postponed due to the movie of rereading the previous journal. shouldn't be that hard, right? i dedicated only 15 minutes for it, which i think is plenty.

okay i feel like now im procrstinating on the most simple task possible. i have this one task i need to do now, asap, to just simply reread everything i wrote yesterday in my journal, thats it, but i avoid doing it for some reason, you know? i will collect myself now and go right ahead and do it immediately. i just came back from toilet, not sure how long ive been there, but must've been quite a while, cause both mom and dad supposedly checked on me. mom proposed me some food and dad just checked in on the kitchen, but we all know he didn't just peek at the kitchen, he was listening and hearing what i was doing. and at that time i had some youtube shorts playling lol, i wasnt doing anything illigal, you know? was just zoned out, thats it. okay, let me reread the notes and ill be back to you, okay?

hey there, mate. just spent like half an hour browsing reddit, twitter and whatever else. dont know why, but i did it and im not proud of it. this will most likely be the last entry for today, i just wanna hit the 2,5k words and be done with journaling for today. cause for some reason it now feels like a burden and a chore rather then like an activity that i just do to improve my overall wellbeing and happiness. and for some reason it stopped bringing me happiness. maybe because im chasing numbers, again. i did it with coding when i was constantly aware and tracking the number of hours i coded in a given day and yeah that didnt go well either, so how about we set it up in a way, that lets us know if we coded anything at all, oh i mean if we journaled anything at all in a given day, sorry, got a bit distracted by a neighbor from upstairs pounding on the battery. so yeah, i already have achieved the 2,5k word count for the day, but i think i'll go ahead and turn this feature off now. okay, i set it to `99999999` so hopefully now i will never see any notes with more than one star or dot on them. okay, that handles the anxiety i for some reason have with numbers like that, i dont know why im probably fucking crazy, thats it. also, i dont like the idea of having to reread the notes as well as writing a journal entry at the end of the day where i recall all the events that happened that day, thats just not something for me, you know? so ill just stick to this tool as a more of a self-reflection and calming tool for now rather than a tool for training my memory. of course obsidian is an extremely versitile app that i can use for all sorts of stuff and so i can easily create a folder with notes where i'd do my daily recalling in the evenings, but we'll abandon this idea for now. let me cross it off of our todoist and ill come back to you.

okay, im back and im feeling horny right now. i havent nutted at all in like a few days now, maybe closer to a week, but i dont intend to watch porn because its bad for me. instead i'll maybe do a regular jerking with, maybe, just maybe, a little but play. this evening. and for now i currently have 3 tasks left for today, which are `Evening reading`, `learning about softboxes` and `learning about nine eleven events`. we will start with Exploring how the softboxes work|learning about softboxes right now and then move onto Learning about 9/11 and all the events that went on that day|learning about nine-eleven events. but i feel like 9/11 stuff might be postponed to later since thats quite a topic to cover. but yeah, thats what im gonna do now. i will also have my dinner shortly. i ate two шаурми, dunno how its called. shawrma or kebab, okay, shawrma sounds okay. and so im already quite full, but ill eat a bit anyway. and yeah, on that note we can happily conclude this day. it wasnt the most exciting one nor the most productive one, but still some time spent learning, some time spent entartaining myself, watching Barbie movie, so thats okay. no class schedule yet so i have no idea what tomorrow will look like and if we'll have classes at all, but yeah i think thats gonna be it for today. i will hop in here more only if i really need to write something down, but unless that happens, we will be seeing each other tomorrow. hopefully i wont forget to journal my dreams as soon as i wake up. okay, have a great rest of your day and cya later.

oh dude the schedule was dropped at around 7:40pm now its 8:40pm, i been filling in my university hub of the year two term one and now gotta add in python automation, but i forgot how i had it set up. but i hope ill figure it out. so now gotta add python auto class entrance and add classes to the calendar.