---
---
[Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/r?pli=1), [Tasks](https://todoist.com/app/today)

hey main its 11:25 am on the clock. quite a bit happened today and im kind of stressed already even though no classes had passed today. we're gonna be having a DSA or AtaSD class today on third one and its coming up in 28 minutes, so i got half an hour more to do something. but yeah im getting caught up in all the studying, ive been researching the data structures, discovered two types of data structures which are linear and non linear, discovered some popular data structures like arrays, linked lists, queues, stacks, graphs, trees, sets and tables. and its all quite exciting honestly. solved one leetcode problem, a really easy one called Valid Anagram and now watching a neetcode video on Big-O notation, which is quite crucial. but i feel like i need a little break, which pomodoro helps in a ton so yeah imma take a little 5 minute break and get back to watching a video and maybe trying some other problem on leetcode. solving them all with js though so yeah.

hiya. the day is officially over, and it was quite an amazing day, although quite stressful as a result which is why my head hurts now haahha oh my god. but bro, the competitive programming is gonna be such a blast. they allow for any. holup lemme change the playlist cause phonk is fucking annoying when your head hurts. jazz in the rain, much better. okay, so yeah they allow for any language, but dont recommend JS, which is where i kind of got a bid discouraged, or not discouraged, but sad maybe is a better word, i try to never get discouraged. but there's this new guy who apparently got moved to us from a 4th year in some other university and i would guess that he's interested in web dev as well cause he inquired whether or not we can use JS and then the teacher said that its not recommended, since JS has its caviats and stuff that is good for web development, but not so much for anything else. like dynamic typing, for example. but the guy must be the real genius and he asked about TS, like can we use that instead, which is fucking exactly what i thought hahahah and the teacher said yes and i was like out of my chair cheering ahahah dont know why. but the dude, the teacher, is quite young, maybe under 30, if i would have to guess, and he's quite fun, at least seems like it. and yeah i think thats gonna be extremely fun and he said that its not gonna be hard at all, and we can choose whatever language we want, even if we dont know it yet or if we just wanna dive a bit deeper into it and explore it. he gave python as an example and something like if we wanna do some stuff with python, please, the choice is yours. so yeah im definitely taking TypeScript as my main language. and the trick here is that if we lock into some language, we cannot change it further down the road, so that might be a constraint for some, but we just have to choose the language more carefully. and so he said about JS that we should'nt use it, i thought of either python or C++, cause python kinda annoys me with its syntax and the fact that one wrong indentation can break everything and it wont figure it out on its own like other "normal" programming languages do. and i kind of locked into python, before that guy came, of course 😁 so yeah now im most definitely choosing typescript and i think its gonna be an exciting ride. i was thinking about this guy, since he also speaks Ukrainian and is supposedly interested in web dev, i thought of maybe texting him. cause he recently wrote a message in our group chat saying "who wants to create a pair for it with js?" and thats definitely a bold move from his side. he seems to be quite outgoing, which is envy in a way. i wish i was so easy with people. but no, im fucking scared all the time and yeah it kinda ruins my life. but whatever, thats what we have to do, since we haven't discovered a better strategy yet. so yeah right now what i have to do today is finish my lecture notes, tidy them up, maybe create some connections within my vault and start looking into the classes for tomorrow. since we obviously dont have any homework as of yet, i dont need to do anything like that yet, but im sure that after this week we will have plenty. and im pretty sure we can use this spare time as an opportunity for us to either learn and practice DSA and LeetCode as this topic will be a silver lining throughout this semester and not only, or continue working on our Pixoto project, which is still not finished. and there's not much there to finish either, you just have to do it and that's gonna be it. okay, the choice is yours, ill leave you with it. just remember not to waste your time on some youtube or social media or some shit like that. be відповідальним, or responsible, yeah, thats the word. accountable. alright, you got this bro, good luck and catcha later.

Okay man I will definitely need some journaling now cause I feel like I'm getting overwhelmed with the amount of information I'm hit with. So, let's break it all down and set the big picture of what we got here in this semester. So, let's start with the most important one - DSA. We will be writing code in C++ which I just felt like I hate, but I gotta remember that a language is just a tool for the job so you don't have to be perfect with it, the main thing is that you know how to implement something and do it all from the ground up. Yeah that's right. So we will be having 7 labs and 1 control there so that's not too bad, right? How do we understand it all? I'm not sure yet though. Probably the way we did last year, just reading on the stuff we will be needing and coding and implementing the stuff in code. Okay then we have competitive programming where we'll have 3 labs for the entire semester and I'll be writing it with typescript, which is my favorite language. Also make sure you don't get caught up in becoming a react developer, you know? Don't overspecialize, always look for ways to improve as a software engineer, which you are. Be interested in everything code related and stop procrastinating, and you'll have it all, you'll own this semester just like you did the last two in no time, so believe in yourself. Okay, wanna go watch something. Why not read some DSA? Why do you default to watching YouTube or TikTok when bored? Stop it. Come on now, go do something productive. Cya