Hey man. its your greatest day in the entire life, you remember? okay, so now. we cleared our youtube. both of the channels now only host the development stuff to help us learn and grow. i installed back the extension for blocking channels on youtube and just block any channel that is not about development on the dev. although, i also have some worse news. i went to bed at around 1:20am yesterday and that negatively impacted my sleep, obviosly. so now i plan to research a bit on the human sleep and want to achieve a better sleeping schedule which will allow me to stay more productive throughout the day. i also have adopted the 52/17 pomodoro technique, but i think i told you about that already. so yeah, life is good man. even though i dont have the right mood, it doesn't mean that i should just fucking stop and sit on my ass. ima keep going obviusly.

i also just watched some material on color theory and learned the following stuff. my application should generally have 3 colors: main (brand color, for buttons, icons, links, navigation, etc.), supplementary (accent for alerts, secondary buttons, notifications, etc.), and background or neutral color, usually some shade of light gray or white on light theme and some shade of black or dark gray on dark theme.

also just watched a video on how to write a better code. rediscovered the SOLID principle, which stands for - S =... uh man i completely forgot about it. but essentially it was saying that our code should consist of independent modules that interact with each other using interfaces. something similar was told to us on our OOP classes in the previous semester. so i think i should also dig into that and understand how i can apply that to my react projects.

okay, now, a little plan for today. first, figure out sleep: how it works, what makes sleep good or bad, how to improve sleep and how to make sure your own life can benefit from it, which it can. then dive into SOLID (not the framework lol) and try to figure out how you can ultimately apply those principles into your code. next, continue reading react docs and write some code. most likely try to finish up the frontend mentor solutions library. not finish as to finish completely, as there's still a lot of challenges on frontend mentor that are yet to be solved, but rather figure out how to make the structure work well. so yeah, go ahead and start now, bro. good luck, you got this.

alright, im in insert mode in vim now. feels just like without vim. so i think we can move from here. the tabs are working, lets test tab out (test) okay, everything works perfectly. lets continue learning vim and hopefully it can help us become faster and more precise while coding.

good day. a good day indeed. so right now im kinda taking a break. been coding for quite a bit, created a sort of a template for hosting different project galleries. right now applied it to the codewell and frontend mentor ones. it just encloses everything in one container. holdup one second, gotta change the music cause it disrupts my thinking process. alright, much better. and apparently alt+z in vscode is toggle word wrap lol. i just accidentally pressed it and was quite suprpised as to why my text is all on one line like it should be lol. so yeah, gotta remember that. so in general my days been going pretty well. ive got 3 more hours of work until sunset and after that we'll chill by watching some movies.

just proposed mom to watch some movie in the evening, now gotta pick which one. i feel like i dont spend enough time with her even though we live together, but i will. gotta prioritize that stuff. and she was laying on my couch reading some book since Kate was playing with her friends on discord in her room and it was uncomfortable to read there. how relateable. so yeah, we'll watch some movie together. maybe even sis will join. now i just gotta find the one. i created a family movies list on letterbox back in the day and i will check that one out. but i think i might wanna take a longer break now, i fell kinda tired and i cannot allow myself to burn out. so yeah ill check in on some news, gotta add 3 articles i read to habitica counter for reading. also wanna check out telegram, some news maybe. and yeah, chill a bit. maybe ill read some react docs later down the line, probably even after this break. but for now, lets chill.