alright man, yesterday was a chill day so i haven't coded much but today is the beginning of the next week so we are back at it again.

okay just checked some news. i honestly dont wanna check em anymore. cause everytime it just gets worse. so i guess imma stop from now. let me just delete all the news channels from telegram. and also i wanted to add a tasks.md file in here, cause i love the markdown language and the fact that these files are completely mine, and so i dont wanna store them in Habitica since they are not too comfortable to read, you know. so yeah, i wanna do that and also. oh i forgot what else i wanted to do but lets do at least that for now. i will leave habitica since i do like this daily routine stuff, so yeah. oh, also, i wanna figure out can i automatically turn down spotify music if any other sound source is playing.

okay, deleting telegram stuff is done. now there's only stuff for studying and some memes or shenanigans. also, im wondering is there any plugin for vs code to paste in the current time instead of looking it up and typing it out manually like i do right now. so next we need a thing that will automatically turn down our music if any other source is playing and turn it back up if not. and also move the Tasks to here. lets start with tasks

okay tasks moving from habitica is done. i also came up with an idea to add a web interface for this repo. didnt find an extension for adding current time. so i thought i guess i have to make it myself now, but then thought of this better idea of making a web interface for this project. we'll see how that goes. alright, now wanna see if i can turn down music from spotify if any other source is playin

alright man hows it going. so i just came back from a groceries shop and it was actually not that bad. i was actually somehow enjoying it. and i was telling to myself - man, you gotta drop that anger. nobody wishes you bad stuff. well at least most of people dont. and you gotta understand that if some one or two people ruined your perseption of people well that sounds like thems problem. so move on, bro, you gotta live happily. and so opening up and somewhat trusting people is key here. of course, we obviously always keep our head clear and think of anything, but without overthinking and it will all be alright.

so i took a little walk to the ATB market, local franchize store and it was quite alright. i got only bread and some butter, but that was still a worthwhile experience. on the first checkout desk where i parked my cart they were processing some online order, i assumed, and it always takes a long time. and so i just moved to the different desk and got everything sorted much quicker. so yeah, that was alright, i wasnt stressing so much. and when i just exited the flat of mine, i met some dude, probably a kid from upstairs who greeted me in ruzian. i just nodded to him and moved on. wow, i really hate the fact that everybody's ruzian here. but i gotta live with that somehow so lets just be pretending for now that you're polite and nice to those people, okay? this will benefit you in the long run, as opposed to the behavior when you openly hate everybody. you can hate everybody secretly, thats totally fine, but on the outside showing the absolutely fakest niceness, and that will play out well, bro.

okay so this day is already not wasted since i was doing productive stuff quite a lot today. i decided to reorganize my repositories, cause right now they are a total mess and see what i can do to fill in my portfolio. oh, by the way, give me a second, let me check if i changed my portfolio from slider to something else or not. cause i intended to, but i dont remember if i actually did. hopefully not.

no, okay, thankfully i did not. alright, well yeah i think we can work from there. i quite like how it turned out now honestly. really slick, nothing unnecessary. gotta figure out the mobile version though, and then i'll be ready to fill it in with projects. but for now i gotta focus on actually making those projects and learning. and so i decided to declutter my repositories a bit, i listed the ones that are gonna be public and wanted to group ones that might not be as important into coding-doodles repo. i like the idea of encompassing large amount of information into single repositories. it makes it seem cleaner and generally easier to work with for me personally. so yeah, i will do that, but after i finish the new project that i took on. this project is a rework of my probably very first project or one of the first projects, made with html and almost no css, no frameworks of course, no tailwind. and yeah it was a dead simple hobby website. i dont even remember where i got that idea from, probably chatGPT honestly, and just strapped in some text, some images and a few pages, but for some reason i didnt really find any links to other pages lol. so yeah that was weird and i decided to rework it. now its called Pixoto. i found a really nice design on webflow by searching for "hobby" since earlier that project used to be called "my-hobby-website" or some stuff. so yeah and the design is soo awesome. really slick and straight to the point, i love it. and i will be replicating that one and putting it in my portfolio slider hopefully.

but i also rethinked a bit how i was thinking about projects and learning frontend in general. i was really overthinking it most of the times. i reminissed a bit about how i was coding in the uni, before i got into frontend and i was approaching it as if it was some kids' task. i didnt take it seriously but in a good way. i didnt think that it was some impossible problem to solve, i was just researching some stuff and just building it. the cool and convenient thing about university assignments is that all of them are tied to some exact topic. and when you need to complete the assignment, you already know what you need to learn, what you need to know in order to solve those problems. that really made my life easier but unfortunately this is not the way it work in real world. in reality you need to brainstorm and find solutions on your own without any topic in mind. well, meaning you have to understand what this problem is based on, research that stuff and only then solve the problem. in uni that first step is kinda taken away. however whenever we did get some more serious projects, those mostly were finals, we needed to actually make projects just from the description and it was way more fun.

so now that we're approaching our second year of computer science degree and i know that we'll be learning C#, i kinda start getting excited. at first i was kinda sceptical of an idea of learning yet another programming language, but then i thought about it, saw how much useful and cool stuff was built with it and it really peeked my interest. i think this will be a great addition to my toolbox and that i'll be able to build some really cool stuff with it next year. in fact i have only less than a month now until my studying continues and so its quite exciting. too bad its still online, but it is what it is. so im glad ill be having an opportunity to learn yet another programming language now. remember, you always have to keep your mind open. "The only thing i know is that i know nothing" is pretty much my motto, i love that phrase. you gotta really embrase that mindset and be eager to learn new stuff but also challenge the status quo so to say.

oh man it is really hot outside, extremely hot. most of the times, it is 30 degrees or more during the day and just a bit below that during the nights. as i came back from the groceries shop i thought of doing a quick nut and then continuing to work on the website, but now granparents are in the kitchen and that will not allow me to do that so i guess i gotta come back to work already. aren't you afraid that somebody will be able to read that? nuh man, i hope that they'll never find it. and this kinda gives me the openness and freed of thought, so i can really express myself without any constraints and judgement in here. i can talk about anything i want and any time i want. and that is the beauty of journaling.

alright, so i think our plan for the nearest future, meaning the rest of today lol, will be to work on that project of mine until the parents come. then when they're home, to have a dinner and then to chill most likely. in terms of coding i think we would either continue our project or do some leetcode. i havent done leetcode in quite a while now, gotta come back to it. so yeah, good luck, bro, youre awesome, you got it all figured out and under control. you go, king. peace out.