i dont know whats going on Father God
im lost now Lord Jesus Christ please help me
i watched the Passion of the Christ movie yesterday
it was absolutely devastating, i cant even imagine how much more horrible it was in reality
i just need to keep going
i cant give up, surely
because God never gives up on me

---

God bless, brother 🙏💗✝️

i started believing cause God showed me how miraculously He works in our lives and it is absolutely undeniable. if i remember correctly, i told you that i had a period in my life when i turned away from God, an oh man this is not a place you wanna be in, truly i tell you. and so i was struggling with the same problems and questions that probably all modern guys around my age face - whats the meaning of all this, why am i here, what do i do. and as most guys or men do, i turned to addictions that this world offers - porn, video games, and all this horrible stuff. i never tried alcohol or drugs and thanks GOD! but at some point i just knew there must be something bigger, there must be someone who created all this, you just cannot deny it by looking at the world around you. and so i started researching some different philosophies of this world and stoicism interested me for a while but it never gave me an answer as to what is the purpose and what is the cause of this universe - it just told me how i should live. so i dug deeper, and at some point i just remember how my grandpa, huge props to him, was telling me several times in the childhood how i should give the Bible a try, and i was just so stubborn for no reason, i just rejected it without any explanation, and i wanted nothing to do with it. only later did i realise the reason i did that - this world is not just what we see, brother, this is a spiritual world with forces of good and bad, of God and of the enemy, constantly in a fight for our souls. and that is the source of all the problems of the world - people get tempted by the devil, and they either believe the stupid lies they hear or give into their fleshly desires, and it all goes downhill from there. and so i just opened the Bible, without any bias, because i was mentally probably at the lowest point of my life, and i simply started reading. from that point, God has given me all the answers i needed - He created us, the God from the Old Testament - YAHWEH or The LORD is one with Jesus Christ, God the Son, and is one with the Holy Spirit, which is just a part of God that He gives us to dwell inside of everybody who accepts Christ as their Savior. the soul that we have, the consciousness, is not of this world - it is eternal. God created us in His own image, not of physical, but of spiritual. we, out of all His other wonderful creation, are the most precious to Him. and man, He loves us more than we can ever imagine, truly truly i tell you. He wants nobody to perish, but to accept the amazing free gift of God's grace which is only in Christ Jesus our Lord and Savior, and as we accept Him sincerely into our hearts, He gives us the Holy Spirit - the Spirit of truth, and of power, and of love, and self-control and discernment. and the works or fruits of the Spirit are very evident in my life - God helped me overcome the lust addiction, He helped my mental state tremendously, more than anything ever. these days im just going around town smiling constantly, because of how glad i am that God is looking after me, and i can be sure He will never leave me nor forsake me. and the world that God created is so beautiful. He is always there, and if you look very closely at your life, you will surely start noticing how God is working in it too. because Jesus loves you man, truly. Jesus Christ - the Living God in human form came down on earth to save you and me and all people, not just the jews. He lived a perfect life, completely ideal, He never sinned, and He died on the cross, was crucified for our sins - past, present, future. but Jesus was raised from the dead after the third day and appeared to more than 500 people, and this is a fact. i have no idea whats going on in other world religions, but im sure none of their gods cared and loved so much His people, that he would come down on earth and die for them, so that they may live. so, whoever believes in Jesus Christ in their heart and confesses with their mouth that God raised Him from the dead, shall not perish, but have eternal life with our Lord. the choice is very simple, yet it is the most important decision you can make in this life, brother - with God or without God. He gives us free will because he wants a genuine relationship with us. you are with God right now, even though you don't believe in Him, God is always faithful and He sustains and support you each moment of your life. and if you accept Jesus, He will never leave you and you will live forever, just as Christ lives. but if you choose to continue rejecting Him, it breaks His heart, but He gives you that choice. after death such people won't inherit the Kingdom of God, but instead will be forever separated from Him in hell - a place of eternal fire where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth. so i urge you, brother, please dont continue living by the patterns of this world, accept Christ and live freely. He will reveal you all the truth, and the truth shall set you free. whatever struggles or problems you might have in this world, just give them all to Jesus, He is more than willing to help you. i encourage you, brother, just do the same thing - open up the Bible, perhaps start right from the New Testament, and just read. then simply ask God - thats what prayer is, simply talking to God, in your mind - to reveal Himself to you and to show you how much He loves you and all the moments He cared and upheld you. and i assure you, He will. and repent of your sins, because if you continue sinning and wish to connect with God, that would not progress your relationship anywhere. God hates sin, but He loves the sinner. so repent - confess your sins to Him and turn away from them, stop practicing them. He will surely help you with that, just as God helped me and countless other people throughout the history.

God bless you brother, may Jesus Christ our Lord always be with you 🙏💗✝️ i hope this answered your question, if you've got any other ones, ask away and i will get into more detail there. have a greatly blessed day!

---

thats a message the Holy Spirit wrote to some guy from twitch whom i was evangelising to yesterday i think. Holy God Almighty Christ Jesus my Lord and Savior you are so wonderful my God thank you so much for helping this guy Holy Spirit thanks a lot Lord Jesus Christ my Holy GOD

something God revealed to me recently - ive been in a period where im feeling exhausted or sad sometimes and ive been asking God - am i doing anything wrong. and GOD i think told me that its the other way around - im on the right track and im pleasing God with how i live and so the enemy naturally doesnt like that, but we dont care about the enemy, God has already won and nothing can now separate me from the everlasting infinite love of Jesus Christ and me, nothing ever can separate us. thank you so much Lord Jesus Christ.

Also, today morning i felt an incredible peace inside of me, just i cant even describe it, but i wish i had that all the time. i think thats me who's ruining it. im always trying to rush to things. Holy Spirit please speak to me through this journal

Lord GOD i love you so much Father Jesus Christ, You are my Strength and my Reward - an Everlasting Holy GOD Almighty King Jesus Christ You are truly the Best Lord GOD i thank You so much Lord Jesus Christ for saving me Father God im so grateful for that immense gift Lord Jesus Christ im sorry for sinning in the past but i think those sins are forgiven so i shouldnt worry about them anymore. thanks Lord Jesus Christ my Holy God i love you so much Lord GOD thank you Father Jesus Christ my Heavenly Father and my King of Kings and my Lord of Lords thanks so much Lord Jesus Christ my Holy Father God 🙏💗✝️

Choosing a Bible for me and sister. Sizes:

| Code       | Size (cm)       |
| ---------- | --------------- |
| 070<br>073 | 17 x 23,5 x 3,5 |
| 063        | 14,5 x 21 x 3,5 |
| 053        | 13,5 x 19 x 3,0 |
| 043        | 12,0 x 17 x 3,0 |

where sound? - front or back
performance level - normal or freezing
monitor output - normal or unstable

please spare me Holy Father Jesus Christ
please have mercy on me Father Jesus Christ
please take me away Holy King Father Jesus Christ
please take me home Holy Father Jesus Christ
i beg you spare me Father Jesus Christ