"The thief comes only to steal and kill and destroy; I have come that they may have life, and have it to the full." - John 10:10

Fear not, for I am with you; be not dismayed, for I am your God; I will strengthen you, I will help you, I will uphold you with my righteous right hand. - Isaiah 41:10

For God gave us a spirit not of fear but of power and love and self-control. - 2 Timothy 1:7

There is no fear in love, but perfect love casts out fear. For fear has to do with punishment, and whoever fears has not been perfected in love. - 1 John 4:18

I sought the Lord, and he answered me and delivered me from all my fears. - Psalm 34:4

To all perfection I see a limit, but your commands are boundless. - Psalm 119:96

Therefore, as we have opportunity, let us do good to all people, especially to those who belong to the family of believers. - Galatians 6:10

And he said to all, “If anyone would come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross daily and follow me. - Luke 9:23

God who began a good work in you will carry it on to completion until the day of Christ Jesus. - Philippians 1:6

Listen to advice and accept discipline, and at the end you will be counted among the wise. Many are the plans in a person’s heart, but it is the Lord’s purpose that prevails. - Proverbs 19:20-21

He himself bore our sins in his body on the tree, so that we might die to sins and live for righteousness; by his wounds you have been healed. - 1 Peter 2:24

For we are God’s handiwork, created in Christ Jesus to do good works, which God prepared in advance for us to do. - Ephesians 2:10

But as for the cowardly, the faithless, the detestable, as for murderers, the sexually immoral, sorcerers, idolaters, and all liars, their portion will be in the lake that burns with fire and sulfur, which is the second death.” - Revelation 21:8

