https://www.christianity.com/wiki/god/who-is-the-one-true-god.html

when your flesh thinks "there is no way", God makes a way!
today i was doing my daily groceries shopping and as i was in the ATB store, my mom called me and said we need more chicken breasts. i was walking home and at once i remembered that i have a class coming up quite soon. cause when i got out of the house the class was around 40 minutes away. and so i called my mom again, cause she asked to let her know how many moneys i spent and i told her and she notified me that yea we need chicken breasts and some sausage, and Holy Spirit took control since that moment and was encouraging me and telling me that God always makes a way and you have nothing to worry about. and so i passed down all the controls for my body to the Holy Spirit and i managed to go to the market and back home in, oh i dont even know, did we do it in 5 minutes or something? when mom called. oh wait well lets check. i came home at 42 or 43 minutes im pretty sure. okay and i finished my call with my mom at 29 minutes. yea so 13 minutes it took me to go to the market and back. and this is a **miracle**, it aint nothing but a miracle. thank You so much Lord Jesus Christ my Heavenly Father my King of Kings and my Lord of Lords please remove the enemy attacks one me and please let my mind be focused on You Lord GOD always Father Jesus Christ Hallelujah thank You Jesus my Lord and Savior 🙏💗✝️

‭Isaiah 41:10 AMP‬
[10] Do not fear [anything], for I am with you; Do not be afraid, for I am your God. I will strengthen you, be assured I will help you; I will certainly take hold of you with My righteous right hand [a hand of justice, of power, of victory, of salvation].’

https://bible.com/bible/1588/isa.41.10.AMP

‭Isaiah 41:13 AMP‬
[13] For I the Lord your God keep hold of your right hand; [I am the Lord], Who says to you, ‘Do not fear, I will help you.’

https://bible.com/bible/1588/isa.41.13.AMP