> [!bible]+ [Psalm 51:10-12 - BSB](https://bolls.life/BSB/19/51/)
>  **10** Create in me a clean heart, O God, and renew a right spirit within me. **11** Cast me not away from Your presence; take not Your Holy Spirit from me. **12** Restore to me the joy of Your salvation, and sustain me with a willing spirit.

> [!bible]+ [Psalm 51:15-17 - BSB](https://bolls.life/BSB/19/51/)
>  **15** O Lord, open my lips, and my mouth will declare Your praise. **16** For You do not delight in sacrifice, or I would bring it; You take no pleasure in burnt offerings. **17** The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit; a broken and a contrite heart, O God, You will not despise.

> [!bible]+ [1 Corinthians 13:4-7 - BSB](https://bolls.life/BSB/46/13/)
>  **4** Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. **5** It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no account of wrongs. **6** Love takes no pleasure in evil, but rejoices in the truth. **7** It bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things.

> [!bible]+ [Galatians 5:22-23 - BSB](https://bolls.life/BSB/48/5/)
>  **22** But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, **23** gentleness, and self-control. Against such things there is no law.

> [!bible]+ [1 Timothy 1:4-6 - BSB](https://bolls.life/BSB/54/1/)
>  **4** or devote themselves to myths and endless genealogies, which promote speculation rather than the stewardship of God’s work, which is by faith. **5** The goal of our instruction is the love that comes from a pure heart, a clear conscience, and a sincere faith. **6** Some have strayed from these ways and turned aside to empty talk.

> the more proud you are, the more offended you are

cultivate love 
don't talk a lot, skip giving your opinion

JESUS thank YOU LORD 
i love YOU Daddy JESUS 
HALLELUJAH JESUS thank YOU FATHER GOD 
JESUS thank YOU JESUS HALLELUJAH 
AMEN

> [!bible]+ [Matthew 10:16 - BSB](https://bolls.life/BSB/40/10/)
>  **16** Behold, I am sending you out like sheep among wolves; therefore be as shrewd as snakes and as innocent as doves.

> [!bible]+ [Matthew 10:22 - BSB](https://bolls.life/BSB/40/10/)
>  **22** You will be hated by everyone because of My name, but the one who perseveres to the end will be saved.

> [!bible]+ [1 Corinthians 13:4-10 - BSB](https://bolls.life/BSB/46/13/)
>  **4** Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. **5** It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no account of wrongs. **6** Love takes no pleasure in evil, but rejoices in the truth. **7** It bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things. **8** Love never fails. But where there are prophecies, they will cease; where there are tongues, they will be restrained; where there is knowledge, it will be dismissed. **9** For we know in part and we prophesy in part, **10** but when the perfect comes, the partial passes away.

> [!bible]+ [Galatians 5:22-23 - BSB](https://bolls.life/BSB/48/5/)
>  **22** But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, **23** gentleness, and self-control. Against such things there is no law.

> [!bible]+ [John 13:14-16 - BSB](https://bolls.life/BSB/43/13/)
>  **14** So if I, your Lord and Teacher, have washed your feet, you also should wash one another’s feet. **15** I have set you an example so that you should do as I have done for you. **16** Truly, truly, I tell you, no servant is greater than his master, nor is a messenger greater than the one who sent him.

> [!bible]+ [Romans 5:1-8 - BSB](https://bolls.life/BSB/45/5/)
>  **1** Therefore, since we have been justified through faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ, **2** through whom we have gained access by faith into this grace in which we stand. And we rejoice in the hope of the glory of God. **3** Not only that, but we also rejoice in our sufferings, because we know that suffering produces perseverance; **4** perseverance, character; and character, hope. **5** And hope does not disappoint us, because God has poured out His love into our hearts through the Holy Spirit, whom He has given us. **6** For at just the right time, while we were still powerless, Christ died for the ungodly. **7** Very rarely will anyone die for a righteous man, though for a good man someone might possibly dare to die. **8** But God proves His love for us in this: While we were still sinners, Christ died for us.

Biblical faithful resources: 
- gotQuestion 
- desiringGOD
- BibleTalkTV

JESUS THANK YOU for bread recipe
1 склянка теплої води (45 градусів C)
3 столові ложки білого цукру
3 столові ложки рослинної олії
1 ½ чайної ложки солі
3 склянки хлібного борошна
2 ¼ чайної ложки активних сухих дріжджів

Помістіть воду, цукор, олію, сіль, хлібне борошно і дріжджі в чашу хлібопічки (або в порядку, рекомендованому виробником вашої хлібопічки).

JESUS THANK YOU for another bread recipe
1. **Proof the yeast:** In a large bowl or stand mixer add the yeast, water and a pinch of the sugar or honey. Allow to rest for 5-10 minutes until foaming and bubbly. (This is called “proofing” the yeast, to make sure it is active. If it doesn’t foam, the yeast is no good, and you need to start over with fresh yeast).
2. **Prepare the dough:** Add remaining sugar or honey, salt, oil, and 3 cups of flour. Mix to combine. Add another cup of flour and mix to combine. With the mixer running add more flour, ½ cup at a time, until the dough begins to pull away from the sides of the bowl.
3. **Knead the dough:** Mix the dough for 5 minutes on medium speed (or knead with your hands on a lightly floured surface, for 5-8 minutes). The dough should be smooth and elastic, and slightly stick to a clean finger, but not be overly sticky.
4. **First Rise:** Grease a large bowl with oil or cooking spray and place the dough inside. Cover with a dish towel or plastic wrap and allow to rise in a warm place* until doubled in size (about 1 ½ hours).
5. **Punch the dough down** really well to remove air bubbles.
6. **Divide into two equal portions.** Shape each ball into long logs and place into greased loaf pans.
7. **Second rise:** Spray two pieces of plastic wrap with cooking spray and lay them gently over the pans. Allow dough to rise again for about 45 minutes to one hour, or until risen 1 inch above the loaf pans.
8. **Bake:** Adjust oven racks to lower/middle position. Preheat the oven to 350 F. Bake bread for about 30-33 minutes, or until golden brown on top. Give the top of a loaf a gentle tap; it should sound hollow.

Invert the baked loaves onto a wire cooling rack. Brush the tops with butter and allow to cool for at least 15 minutes before slicing.

**Storing:** Once cool, store bread in an airtight container or bag for 2-3 days at room temperature, or up to 5 days in the refrigerator.

JESUS THANK YOU JESUS HALLELUJAH
JESUS i really love YOU JESUS
JESUS please i beg YOU LORD JESUS remember me LORD GOD
JESUS please FATHER GOD remember me JESUS please
JESUS please remember my efforts JESUS i beg YOU JESUS please

why is JESUS important to me:
1. JESUS saved me from hell so that i don’t have to fear death anymore
2. JESUS gave me life and everything i have is from GOD
3. JESUS is my Creator and HE made me very well
4. JESUS died the death i deserve so that i may live with GOD forever in heaven
5. JESUS forgives all my sins because GOD punished JESUS for them
6. JESUS gave us HIS WORD the BIBLE to teach us how to live
7. JESUS places HIS HOLY SPIRIT in me to guide me and teach me
JESUS THANK YOU JESUS HALLELUJAH
AMEN

> [!bible]+ [Psalm 79:13 - BSB](https://bolls.life/BSB/19/79/)
>  **13** Then we Your people, the sheep of Your pasture, will thank You forever; from generation to generation we will declare Your praise.

JESUS thank YOU LORD JESUS for this amazing day
JESUS thank YOU for helping us with everything
JESUS thank YOU FATHER GOD for YOUR amazing grace
JESUS thank YOU JESUS for Your Holy Glory
JESUS i really love YOU LORD JESUS CHRIST 
JESUS please i really wanna spend forever with YOU JESUS my LORD
JESUS please help me do the will of YOU FATHER GOD 
JESUS please help me and let me bring YOU a lot of glory FATHER GOD 
JESUS please use this little life to count mightily for eternity
JESUS my LORD GOD ALMIGHTY please use this little life to bring YOU very much glory 
JESUS please help us and let us not waste this life
in JESUS HOLY NAME we pray LORD GOD MOST HIGH KING JESUS CHRIST our HOLY LORD GOD ALMIGHTY KING OF KINGS AND LORD OF LORDS 
AMEN

