Доброго вечора, друже. Today i wanna switch to english a bit and talk about the struggles that im facing or rather the trials that our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ is giving me. so today was quite a hectic and anxious day. today we called our uncle Kostyantyn and told them about God. i wanted to also thank him for all the amazing times we had but i seemed to have spooked him. and all because of my pride. before calling him i was sitting on the side of my bed literally for more than half an hour just overthinking and coming up with all the possible replicas or sentences im gonna say to them and yea i ended up calling and asking if they're busy, he said not really, then i asked to they believe in God, he said always, and then i asked if they're a Christian and he said yes. and so then i went on saying, very hesitantly and inconfidently that faith in our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ is the only way to avoid eternal suffering and to gain salvation and to be saved and to live forever in the Kingdom of God or Heaven. and he said absolutely :D so yea he was pretty much, after i asked him if he believes in God, he was answering me with one word only almost always, but thats okay. i truly believe that Jesus did not just put that thought in our mind, but that this was obviously a part of the greater God's plan that we cannot fathom nor understand and that we just need to trust Him, truly. Amen to that. but yea i think a lot of these questions, once Jesus gives us the answer are truly trivial. we just must put our Lord at the center of our lives and do everything for Him, it is that simple. yet people, due to their pride and insecurities and all that emotional stuff, they just start overthinking it and putting themselves at the center of our lives. but Jesus says to us that our body doesnt belong to us, it is the temple of the Holy Spirit, this is the true purpose of our body. and even though we almost completely, thanks God, defeated lust in our life, we quit porn for good and we, even though did relapce a few days ago, i truly believe that its God testing us and preparing us to battle and to defeat lust for good in our life. so yea this is very exciting and i pray and i beg the Lord to continue leading me and to strenghten me so that i can continue to fight for Him and His kingdom, cause oh man there are so many people, especially in my generation that was given a very bad letter to its name, people in it just reject God completely. the world right now is so rushed and is so filled with those self-destructing technologies that are all about capturing your attention and to instantly gratify you for everything, that people are just in this state of zombificaiton, truly, and they dont even see the objective reality of this world and of the state of their lives. so i pray to you Lord that Your will and Your plan will always prevail, but thats obvious, and what i pray for truly is to help these people, to help them and open their eyes on things, just make it obvious for them that You exist, Jesus, and bless them with your infinite love and grace and care and all Your beauty, God. in the mighty Jesus name, amen! 🙏 so yeah, i pray for that and i pray for my family, please Lord bless them, please let my sister become a Christian, please help my father switch to Ukrainian in his daily life, please help my mother not to worry so much about things of this world and to just bless my grandpa as he is one of the most wonderful people we know on this earth and please Lord just take care of him, and to help my grandma also not to worry so much about the things of this world, but instead devote your life to knowing and loving and serving you, Jesus. i thank you today for everything and everyone i have in this live, i feel truly blessed with Your, Lord, presence and love and grace and everything that You're giving me everyday and i beg You to help me endure the trials that you send my way with grace and with Your, Lord, power, because without You, Jesus, i am nothing and i do no worth a single piece of sand. Amen, God, all the glory and all the praise goes to You and You only, Jesus. in the mighty name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, Amen 🙏

---

My soul yearns for you in the night; in the morning my spirit longs for you. When your judgments come upon the earth, the people of the world learn righteousness. - Isaiah 26:9

Keep this Book of the Law always on your lips; meditate on it day and night, so that you may be careful to do everything written in it. Then you will be prosperous and successful. - Joshua 1:8

I have told you these things, so that in me you may have peace. In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world. - John 16:33

Do nothing out of selfish ambition or vain conceit. Rather, in humility value others above ourselves, not looking to your own interests but each of you to the interests of the others. - Philippians 2:3-4

He who dwells in the shelter of the Most High will rest in the shadow of the Almighty. I will say of the LORD, "He is my refuge and my fortress, my God, in whom I trust." - Psalm 91:1-2
