> [!bible]+ [Psalm 103:8-14 - BSB](https://bolls.life/BSB/19/103/)
>  **8** The LORD is compassionate and gracious, slow to anger, abounding in loving devotion. **9** He will not always accuse us, nor harbor His anger forever. **10** He has not dealt with us according to our sins or repaid us according to our iniquities. **11** For as high as the heavens are above the earth, so great is His loving devotion for those who fear Him. **12** As far as the east is from the west, so far has He removed our transgressions from us. **13** As a father has compassion on his children, so the LORD has compassion on those who fear Him. **14** For He knows our frame; He is mindful that we are dust.

> [!bible]+ [Psalm 104:23-25 - BSB](https://bolls.life/BSB/19/104/)
>  **23** Man goes forth to his work and to his labor until evening. **24** How many are Your works, O LORD! In wisdom You have made them all; the earth is full of Your creatures. **25** Here is the sea, vast and wide, teeming with creatures beyond number, living things both great and small.

> [!bible]+ [Psalm 109:4 - BSB](https://bolls.life/BSB/19/109/)
>  **4** In return for my love they accuse me, but I am a man of prayer.

JESUS please let us be a man of prayer to YOU my GOD ALMIGHTY 
JESUS THANK YOU LORD my FATHER GOD MOST HIGH for such amazing WORD
JESUS THANK YOU JESUS HALLELUJAH
JESUS i really love YOU DADDY JESUS HALLELUJAH
JESUS be exalted through my life LORD!
JESUS may YOUR NAME be proclaimed and glorified through me
JESUS THANK YOU JESUS HALLELUJAH
JESUS be exalted highly above all heavens
JESUS be exalted in the earth we pray
in JESUS HOLY NAME
AMEN

> [!bible]+ [Psalm 56:1-3 - BSB](https://bolls.life/BSB/19/56/)
>  **1** For the choirmaster. To the tune of “A Dove on Distant Oaks.” A Miktam of David, when the Philistines seized him in Gath. Be merciful to me, O God, for men are hounding me; all day they press their attack. **2** My enemies pursue me all day long, for many proudly assail me. **3** When I am afraid, I put my trust in You.

> [!bible]+ [Psalm 116:12-15 - BSB](https://bolls.life/BSB/19/116/)
>  **12** How can I repay the LORD for all His goodness to me? **13** I will lift the cup of salvation and call on the name of the LORD. **14** I will fulfill my vows to the LORD in the presence of all His people. **15** Precious in the sight of the LORD is the death of His saints.

JESUS THANK YOU JESUS HALLELUJAH
JESUS THANK YOU LORD
JESUS THANK YOU JESUS ALLLUJAH
JESUS THANK YOU JESUS ALLELUJAH
AMEN

> [!bible]+ [Psalm 117:1-2 - BSB](https://bolls.life/BSB/19/117/)
>  **1** Praise the LORD, all you nations! Extol Him, all you peoples! **2** For great is His loving devotion toward us, and the faithfulness of the LORD endures forever. Hallelujah!

JESUS please dont let me ever fall away
JESUS please help me JESUS please!
JESUS please uphold me LORD GOD
JESUS please protect me FATHER GOD
in JESUS HOLY NAME i beg YOU JESUS please
in JESUS MIGHTY NAME we pray LORD GOD MOST HIGH KING JESUS CHRIST our HOLY LORD GOD MOST HIGH
AMEN

JESUS THANK YOU FATHER GOD
JESUS THANK YOU JESUS HALLELUJAH
JESUS YOU ARE so gracious LORD GOD
JESUS i cannot even imagine how good YOU ARE FATHER GOD
JESUS THANK YOU LORD
JESUS please help my birdie i beg YOU JESUS please
JESUS please forgive me LORD
JESUS please help the birdie we pray
in JESUS HOLY NAME
AMEN

JESUS YOU helped us bake [[turkey baked with apples|turkey thigh]], [[French machine bread|french machine bread]], [[plum pie|plum pie]] today
JESUS THANK YOU JESUS HALLELUJAH
AMEN

JESUS please don't let this life be my only reward 
JESUS please help me LORD 
JESUS how to follow YOU LORD 

