Godly sorrow brings repentance that leads to salvation and leaves no regret, but worldly sorrow brings death. - 2 Corinthians 7:10

So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God. I will strengthen you and help you; I will uphold you with my righteous right hand. - Isaiah 41:10

Sovereign Lord, you are God! Your covenant is trustworthy, and you have promised these good things to your servant. - 2 Samuel 7:28

I keep my eyes always on the Lord. With him at my right hand, I will not be shaken. - Psalm 16:8

Therefore, since we have these promises, dear friends, let us purify ourselves from everything that contaminates body and spirit, perfecting holiness out of reverence for God. - 2 Corinthians 7:1

And you also were included in Christ when you heard the message of truth, the gospel of your salvation. When you believed, you were marked in him with a seal, the promised Holy Spirit, who is a deposit guaranteeing our inheritance until the redemption of those who are God’s possession—to the praise of his glory. - Ephesians 1:13-14

Even the youths shall faint and be weary, and the young men shall utterly fall: But they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and not faint. - Isaiah 40:30-31

If anyone acknowledges that Jesus is the Son of God, God lives in them and they in God. - 1 John 4:15

Here is a trustworthy saying that deserves full acceptance: Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners—of whom I am the worst. - 1 Timothy 1:15

Great is the Lord and most worthy of praise; his greatness no one can fathom. - Psalm 145:3

Know therefore that the Lord your God is God; he is the faithful God, keeping his covenant of love to a thousand generations of those who love him and keep his commandments. - Deuteronomy 7:9

For the LORD takes delight in his people; he crowns the humble with salvation. - Psalm 149:4

Truly my soul finds rest in God; my salvation comes from him. - Psalm 62:1

My soul yearns for you in the night; in the morning my spirit longs for you. When your judgments come upon the earth, the people of the world learn righteousness. - Isaiah 26:9

The Lord is far from the wicked, but he hears the prayer of the righteous. - Proverbs 15:29

May the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Spirit be with you all. - 2 Corinthians 13:14

If we live, we live for the Lord; and if we die, we die for the Lord. So, whether we live or die, we belong to the Lord. - Romans 14:8

You are my refuge and my shield; I have put my hope in your word. - Psalm 119:114

Dear friends, do not believe every spirit, but test the spirits to see whether they are from God, because many false prophets have gone out into the world. - 1 John 4:1

Dear children, let us not love with words or speech but with actions and in truth. - 1 John 3:18

"You are the light of the world. A town built on a hill cannot be hidden." - Matthew 5:14

"'If you can'?" said Jesus. "Everything is possible for him who believes." - Mark 9:23

“I am the Alpha and the Omega,” says the Lord God, “who is, and who was, and who is to come, the Almighty.” - Revelation 1:8

Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they will be filled. - Matthew 5:6

Therefore, since we have these promises, dear friends, let us purify ourselves from everything that contaminates body and spirit, perfecting holiness out of reverence for God. - 2 Corinthians 7:1

The name of the Lord is a strong tower: the righteous runneth into it, and is safe. - Proverbs 18:10

By day the Lord directs his love, at night his song is with me— a prayer to the God of my life. - Psalm 42:8

How beautiful on the mountains are the feet of those who bring good news, who proclaim peace, who bring good tidings, who proclaim salvation, who say to Zion, "Your God reigns!" - Isaiah 52:7

God is our refuge and strength, an ever-present help in trouble. - Psalm 46:1

To do what is right and just is more acceptable to the LORD than sacrifice. - Proverbs 21:3

Dear children, let us not love with words or speech but with actions and in truth. - 1 John 3:18

“Come now, let us settle the matter,” says the Lord. “Though your sins are like scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; though they are red as crimson, they shall be like wool. - Isaiah 1:18

