just now when i was coming home i saw a brigade of workers doing something on the road of a little neighborhood that i usually walk in when coming home. that one where i turn from the street to the hood when just passing the parking lot on the road that leads to the dentist clinic. and so i saw a construction being done there and was led by God closer to the house itself. and as i was about to turn from that path that was on the side of the path calling out to me. i was in headphones as usual and he addressed me in Ukrainian. his speech was blurred but i dont know the reason for that. he asked for some money and i remember the opportunities God has given me to serve and help others on the streets and how i rejected them all so i knew immediately that it was not an accident because nothing is and i needed to act. i asked him what was the matter, why he needed the money, but he didnt answer. so i looked in my bag and i didnt take my wallet with me so i couldnt help him, very unfortunately. but i think this was a test from God to see how i will react. because the Lord has surely been working on me and changing me and transforming me to server others and im so greatful to You Lord GOD and i prayed and ill pray for this man Lord God whatever He's going through, please let Him find you Lord God, please let him come to You Lord Jesus Christ and find abundant life in You Lord God, im so sorry i coudlnt help him and as i came home i found a little 5$ bill in my pocket which i couldve given but the situation kinda caught me off guard and i have completely forgotten about that bill im sorry Lord God, please bless that man and his family in Jesus Holy name i pray Lord God Amen and Amen. so im not sure if that was an angel of the Lord or not, but it was most definitely a test from God to see how i would react. God also told me that He sees my heart and he saw that i wanted to help. so yeah, i dropped my wallet inside my bag now so Lord God please let me help people that are in need and pray for them and bless them with Bibles Lord God please let me help them and present other opportunities for me to deny myself completely and server them Lord God in Jesus Holy name i pray Lord God Amen

i ordered 3 New Testament Bibles Lord GOD just as you told me Lord God. i dont know why and whats the plan, but you told me the number so that it exactly fits into the amount of money i have left so thats perfect and its definitely You Lord God having some plan on me blessing some people probably gifting those Bibles to others and thats awesome lets do it Lord GOD. while im in this fallen world i wanna help and server others in Jesus Holy name Lord God. i will just trust You Lord God and please dont let me conform to the patterns of this world and listen to any of the stuff that others might say Lord GOD let my faith in You Lord God be completely unshakable and to come to You Lord God with a repented heart always Lord God please forgive me if i have done anything wrong for the past some time and please help me be a devoted servant of You Lord Jesus Christ and to do Your will only Lord God in Jesus Holy name Lord God please heal me and my social anxiety, Lord God i give You all the controls over my mind, over my body, over my soul, over my spirit, which You already have even without me giving it to You so its all good thank You my Lord and my Good Good God

okay, Lord God please tell me why am i embarassed?
am i embarassed of you?
