JESUS please help im falling 
JESUS please take me home i beg YOU JESUS please
JESUS please i beg YOU JESUS take me LORD
in JESUS HOLY NAME i beg YOU JESUS 
AMEN

18-09-2024_GS-Lecture

FATHER please help me
i am in distress and so sad
JESUS please i beg YOU my FATHER
JESUS please LORD
JESUS please have mercy on me
JESUS please save my soul JESUS please
JESUS please forgive me all my sins
JESUS please help me trust YOU LORD
in JESUS HOLY NAME
AMEN

> [!bible]+ [1 John 3:22-24 - BSB](https://bolls.life/BSB/62/3/)
>   and we will receive from Him whatever we ask, because we keep His commandments and do what is pleasing in His sight.  And this is His commandment: that we should believe in the name of His Son, Jesus Christ, and we should love one another just as He commanded us.  Whoever keeps His commandments remains in God, and God in him. And by this we know that He remains in us: by the Spirit He has given us.

all that JESUS requires from us now is to believe in THE NAME of JESUS CHRIST our LORD and to love people. JESUS i really love YOU, thank YOU JESUS my LORD. JESUS please help me go get some groceries FATHER GOD, in JESUS HOLY NAME we pray LORD GOD MOST HIGH, AMEN.

> [!bible]+ [Ephesians 5:1-3 - BSB](https://bolls.life/BSB/49/5/)
>   Be imitators of God, therefore, as beloved children,  and walk in love, just as Christ loved us and gave Himself up for us as a fragrant sacrificial offering to God.  But among you, as is proper among the saints, there must not be even a hint of sexual immorality, or of any kind of impurity, or of greed.

