Make every effort to live in peace with everyone and to be holy; without holiness no one will see the Lord. - Hebrews 12:14

I have told you these things, so that in me you may have peace. In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world. - John 16:33

However, if you suffer as a Christian, do not be ashamed, but praise God that you bear that name. - 1 Peter 4:16

The name of the Lord is a strong tower: the righteous runneth into it, and is safe. - Proverbs 18:10

God is our refuge and strength, an ever-present help in trouble. - Psalm 46:1

Listen to advice and accept discipline, and at the end you will be counted among the wise. Many are the plans in a person’s heart, but it is the Lord’s purpose that prevails. - Proverbs 19:20-21

And so we know and rely on the love God has for us. God is love. Whoever lives in love lives in God, and God in them. - 1 John 4:16

To do what is right and just is more acceptable to the LORD than sacrifice. - Proverbs 21:3

"A new command I give you: Love one another. As I have loved you, so you must love one another. - John 13:34

May the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Spirit be with you all. - 2 Corinthians 13:14

I love you, Lord, my strength. The Lord is my rock, my fortress and my deliverer; my God is my rock, in whom I take refuge, my shield and the horn of my salvation, my stronghold. - Psalm 18:1-2

If we live, we live for the Lord; and if we die, we die for the Lord. So, whether we live or die, we belong to the Lord. - Romans 14:8

