The foundational teachings of Christianity can be quickly understood by examining a collection of scripture from the Book of Romans.

## We have all sinned

Here’s a few verses to consider that are important to consider regarding the Christian idea of salvation.

Romans 3:9-12

Romans 3:23

> What then? Are we Jews any better off? No, not at all. For we have already charged that all, both Jews and Greeks, are under sin, as it is written: “None is righteous, no, not one; no one understands; no one seeks for God. All have turned aside; together they have become worthless; no one does good, not even one.” for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God, [Romans 3:9-12,23](https://my.bible.com/bible/59/ROM.3.9-12,23)

This is one of the fundamental underpinnings of Christianity. This scripture says no one is righteous, not even one. I think it’s important to note that this isn’t an exaggeration, because that means us too have fallen out of righteousness with God. That doesn’t seem good, does it? If you’ve ever, ever done something that you know was wrong, that’s you. It’s kind of a scary ideal.

## Justice demands a consequence for sin

It’s especially scary when we consider Romans 6:23.

> For the wages of sin is death, but the free gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord. [Romans 6:23](https://my.bible.com/bible/59/ROM.6.23)

The “wages” of sin being “what you get for having sinned”. “Death” being not just the physical death of your body, but eternal death, separation from God, commonly known as hell. But this verse also includes immense hope, that God offers a free gift of eternal “life” in this case not that you will physically live forever, but that when your time on earth ends, you will spend eternity with Him, commonly known as in heaven.

## Jesus is the path to salvation

How could that possibly work, though? Romans 5:8 elaborates that the death and resurrection of Jesus is the mechanism of our salvation.

> but God shows his love for us in that while we were still sinners, Christ died for us. [Romans 5:8](https://my.bible.com/bible/59/ROM.5.8)

By dying for us while we were sinners, Jesus is essentially a sacrifice on our behalf. One of the reasons this works is because Jesus lived the only sin-free life of any human to have ever lived, which was only possible because He is God. Because Jesus was sinless when he was killed, His death is a permissible substitute for the death we owe God for our sins (recall we are sinners, the wages of sin is death).

## Confession and repentance

More about how we actually receive salvation through Jesus: Romans 10:9-10 and Romans 10:13.

> because, if you confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved. For with the heart one believes and is justified, and with the mouth one confesses and is saved. For “everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved.” [Romans 10:9-10,13](https://my.bible.com/bible/59/ROM.10.9-10,13)

This is a critical point. It isn’t just enough that Jesus died for us, but we have to actually accept that. Jesus died for us, but if we don’t “opt in”, and accept that our actions have caused us to be separate from God and that we need that debt to be paid before we are righteous again, we’re still just in our sin.

Confessing your sins to God means taking accountability for them. That regardless of the circumstances that might have led you to sin, the fact of the matter is that you sinned, and that act begets punishment. Through that confession, through our desire to repent and be made better, and through specifically accepting that Jesus is Lord and accepting his sinless life’s death as a substitutionary sacrifice for the debt we owe God for having sinned, that is how we are saved.

## Grace and mercy

Once we are saved, our relationship with Jesus brings us into a relationship of peace with God. Romans 5:1, Romans 8:1, Romans 8:38-39.

> Therefore, since we have been justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ. [Romans 5:1](https://my.bible.com/bible/59/ROM.5.1)

> There is therefore now no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus. [Romans 8:1](https://my.bible.com/bible/59/ROM.8.1)

> For I am sure that neither death nor life, nor angels nor rulers, nor things present nor things to come, nor powers, nor height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God in Christ Jesus our Lord. [Romans 8:38-39](https://my.bible.com/bible/59/ROM.8.38-39)

Once we accept God’s gift of salvation, we have the reward of knowing that we won’t be condemned for our sins. This isn’t a license to willfully sin going forward, but it’s a step in our growth towards God.

It’s important to realize that the things we do on earth don’t wash away our sins. If someone commits a crime but then goes on to do a bunch of good things, when they are caught, they are still punished for the crime the committed, no matter how good the things are that they did. That’s because justice demands punishment for wrongdoing. Likewise, God’s justice means that our sin deserves punishment regardless of any good we may do afterwards. The sacrifice of Jesus is the only path to salvation, because the life of Jesus is the only one ever lived that was without sin.

God loves us so much and wishes so much to save us from sin that He came to earth as a man to die for us, that through His sacrifice we may be made righteous with Him.

## Short version

I’ve shared a lot of scripture and commentary to digest, but the key points here are:

1. We are all sinners. You, me, our families, everybody we’ve ever known.
2. As sinners, we deserve death. That’s simple justice.
3. Belief in Jesus and accepting His death on the cross is the only path to salvation.
4. We accept the sacrifice of Jesus by confessing our sins to God, repenting and turning from our old life of sin to a new life in Christ.
5. Faith in Jesus is a free gift of God, that we neither deserve nor can earn, but He gives us out of grace, mercy and love so that we may be made right with Him.

This is the foundation of all of Christianity.

---

please JESUS help me save me Lord please dont send me into utter darkness where You are not please Jesus have mercy on my soul i beg You i know im a horrible Christian. out of all Christians i am the **worst**! but please please please i beg You Jesus dont let me fall away please Jesus dont let me be without You any moment Lord Jesus please i beg You Lord Jesus Christ please Jesus i am the worst possible Christian please help me Lord GOD please Jesus i beg You Father GOD please dont leave me in Jesus Holy Name Amen

---

Proof of Christian God

Here’s my quickest canned response to the question “Does God exist? And how do you know it’s the Christian God?”

Proof of God

First, here’s a quick summary of my arguments for the existence of God. There’s many more arguments, and more to be said on each of these, but this is my “light” version of this.

Cosmology - Space-time and matter had a beginning out of nothing. The Second Law of Thermodynamics, expanding universe, radiation afterglow and great galaxy seeds from the big bang explosion, and Einstein’s Theory of General Relativity are scientific evidence for this. There is also undeniable philosophical evidence for the beginning as today never would have arrived if there were an infinite number of days before today. Since space, time and matter had a beginning, there must be a spaceless, timeless, immaterial and super-powerful cause beyond the universe that brought the universe into existence. These are some of the attributes of a theistic God.

Teleological - The universe not only exploded into being out of nothing, it did so with extreme precision and it remains fine-tuned today. If any one of dozens of forces (gravitational, weak force, electromagnetic, etc.) were different by an infinitesimal amount (like one part in 10 to the power of 100), life would not exist. The initial conditions for the universe were also fine-tuned. If the expansion rate of the universe was different by one part in a thousand, million, million a second after the big bang, the universe would have collapsed back on itself or never developed galaxies. The big bang was not a scattered explosion, but a fine-tuned guided creation event that continues to be guided today. If the force of gravity was different by one part in 10 to the power of 40 (think one inch vs the entire known universe), our sun would have never formed. The best explanation for this extreme fine-tuning is an intelligent Being - the very same spaceless, timeless, immaterial and super-powerful Being that created the universe. There is no cosmic evolutionary theory that can explain this. A Designer is the best explanation.

Moral - If objective moral values exist, then God exists. If there is even one action that is objectively morally wrong, such as torturing somebody for fun or murdering six million people in the Holocaust, then God exists. Why? Because only an unchanging moral authority can provide unchanging moral laws that are binding on humans. If no objective, unchanging moral law giver exists, then no objective unchanging moral laws can exist. Without God, everything would be a matter of human opinion. Without God nothing is really just or unjust, good or evil, right or wrong, and there are no true moral causes or human rights.

God of the Bible

So, how do we know it’s the Christian God? If the New Testament is reliable - if Jesus really died and rose from the dead - then it’s pretty easy to make the case that Jesus is God and the entire Bible is the Word of God. There are four questions to ask and if all of their answers are “yes”, then we know the New Testament is reliable.

Does truth exist? Of course, it’s self-defeating to deny it. To say “there is no truth” and represent that as true violates the law of non-contradiction.
Does God exist? Well, see above. God is an infinite Being who is spaceless, timeless, immaterial, powerful, personal, intelligent, moral, and who sustains creation.
Are miracles possible? Since God exists, yes. We have excellent scientific and philosophical reasons to believe the greatest miracle in the Bible (Gen 1:1 - “In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.”) has already occurred. Therefore, it’s foolish to hold any bias against the other miracles in the rest of the Bible. The miracles in the New Testament may have actually occurred to authenticate Christ as the Messiah.
Is the New Testament historically reliable? There are seven reasons that affirm that it is. Each of them describe the nature of the testimony provided in the New Testament. The testimony is…
Early - Most of, if not all, of the NT documents were written before 70 AD. This is far too early for them to be the result of legend.
Eyewitness - NT writers proved they were eyewitnesses, proven by archaeology and other historical sources. The authors get hundreds of trivial historical details correct that would only be possible if they were true eyewitnesses.
Elaborate - The NT is an elaborate series of interlocking puzzles that reveal the NT documents contain independent eyewitnesses of actual historical events. Details in one writer’s account inadvertently fill gaps in another writer’s account. In the NT, there are over 60 “undesigned coincidences”.
Embarrassing - People, especially people in the ancient world, did not lie to make themselves look bad. They would have lied to make themselves look good and heroic. The NT, however, routinely describes the authors as bumbling, lazy, rebuked, skeptical, dimwitted and failing Jesus. They don’t even understand what His mission is about until after the Resurrection. If men were inventing the story but trying to pass it off as the truth for possible gain, they wouldn’t have said women were the ones who bravely discovered the empty tomb and risen Jesus - especially considering that the status of testimony from women at the time was considered to be much less than that of men. They told it like it was, not like you would if you were inventing a story.
Excruciating - 11 of the 12 apostles died as martyrs for claiming the Resurrection was true. There is no evidence from Christian or non-Christian sources that any of the apostles ever recanted their beliefs. They were firmly convinced Jesus rose from the dead because they had verified His resurrection with their own senses - they saw, talked to and touched Jesus. They saw Him do miracles. What did the NT writers have to gain by making up a new religion? They got no glory, no wealth, no status. They got tortured, crucified and burned alive. They all refused to recant under the most excruciating forms of torture. If the NT were false, at least one person would have recanted to save themselves or stop their torture.
Expected - Jesus fits all the criteria from the Old Testament about the expected Messiah. Read Isaiah 52:13-53:12 and ask yourself who it describes.
Extra-biblical testimony - There are 42, ten of which are non-Christian, sources within 150 years of Jesus’ life that corroborate the basic NT storyline. Few, if any, NT scholars claim Jesus never existed. In comparison, Roman emperor Tiberius is only mentioned by ten sources at all. If you believe Tiberius existed, how can you not admit the same about a man who is cited by four times as many people and has had an immeasurably greater impact on history?

Even if we throw out people like Matthew and Mark and Luke and John and Peter and Paul and James and Jude as if they are biased and unreliable, consider how many others wrote about Jesus Christ early on. What are we left to believe if:

Josephus and Lucian indicate that He was regarded as wise and
Pliny, the Talmud, and Lucian imply He was a powerful and revered teacher and
Josephus and the Talmud indicate He performed miraculous feats and
Tacitus, Josephus, the Talmud, and Lucian all mention that He was crucified and
Tacitus and Josephus say this occurred under Pontius Pilate and
the Talmud declares it happened on the eve of Passover and
there are possible references to the Christian belief in His resurrection in both Tacitus and Josephus and
Josephus and Celsus record that His followers believed He was Messiah or the Son of Elohim and
Pliny and Lucian indicate that Christians worshipped Him as a Deity and
Mara of Syria suggests that calamites came to be partially as a result of the execution of the wise King of the Jews and
Phlegon indicates (with Thallus indicating something similar?) that there was an eclipse of the sun during the full moon that was accompanied with earthquakes during the reign of the emperor who was in power from 14 CE to 37 CE and
both Tacitus and Suetonius indicate that Christians were punished by the emperor who was in power from 54 CE to 68 CE and
there was even a huge fire as far away as the Italian Peninsula that was blamed on followers of Him as early as 64 CE?

The short version of this actually turns out to be pretty long, so thanks for reading it all with an open mind. There’s a lot more to be said on this - the entire field of apologetics is dedicated to it - however, the evidence laid out above conclusively proves there is a God and that it is the Christian God.