For we are God’s handiwork, created in Christ Jesus to do good works, which God prepared in advance for us to do. - Ephesians 2:10

---

Треба трохи поговорити бо я шось закрутився трохи надто. Вітаю, друже, слава Ісусу Христу ✝️ Навіки слава. Отож сьогодні, і попередні декілька днів ive been attacked and tempted by lust extremely badly. i had all those intrusive thoughts of putting stuff in my anus constantly and still do. i been filming my anus from time to time to "see whats there" but really to just sexually please my lust. and this all stuff almost lead me to commit a horrible sin today morning and ive almost ejaculated while watching myself play with my anus. and me just saying that right now makes me sick honestly. so we need to reassess and understand whats going on here. lets pray first. God, my holy Heavenly Father Jesus Christ, please forgive me for my horrible deeds, i genuinely wanna repent and want you to help me never come back to that and to never have those thoughts again. i understand that those are the trials i have to come through in order to defeat lust completely, but give me strength, Lord, i cannot do it on my own, i need You, Jesus. in Jesus holy name i pray, amen 🙏 okay, so yea now i feel better for sure, but we're not done yet most definitely. i still have those thoughts from time to time, and its obvious what it is, those are enemy forces tryin to get me back into the life i used to live and i can only imagine how mad they are seeing my type that out and comprehend, but its true. but God our LORD and Savior Jesus Christ is infinitely more powerful then them, thats a fact. they can do nothing about it, thats also a fact. so in Jesus holy almighty name, Lord please help me get through it and defeat those enemy forces in Jesus name amen 🙏 yea man thats horrible, but its totally okay. i feel so much better, Lord, thank you so much, Father, You are just helping me a lot all the time, and i am so so thankful for that, Jesus, i love you, God. yea, just prayed once again, saying that i dont want none of that, i just want and need You in my life and forever, i just want You, LORD, to keep me with You, as that song says 😊✝️ so yea, God thanks so much for helping me, thanks so much for taking care of me, please also take care of my family, please help my sister convert to Christianity and help her get out of those destructive habits she's having, Lord, i know You can do all things, Jesus, please help and protect our family, but also please guide me and nurture me to become better, to prepare my soul for Your Heavenly Kingdom. in Jesus holy name, amen 🙏 that was so beautiful, i feel so much closer to God now, and it is absolutely true, i can see it myself now that it is truly only the sin that separates us from God, nothing else can separate us from God except our fallen human nature. yea, lets keep strong, lets keep fighting, as the final reward is so much greater than any of the earthly pleasures i can ever imagine or come up with. again, pay close attention to it, *the reward is **SO** much better, than any of the earthly things* period. so yea, stick close to God, keep praying, keep reading your Bible and you will have your peace. in Jesus name, amen 🙏 im out, thanks LORD

---

Благословен Господь, Бог наших предків, який збудив у серці царя бажання отак прославити храм Господа в Єрусалимі - Езри 7:27

---

just relapsed again and committed a horrible sin of lust. again. but thats okay, we dont beat ourselves up because God saved us. i asked my Lord to teach me a lesson from that encounter and for that to make me and my faith stronger. Thy will be done, my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ

---

The unfolding of your words gives light; it gives understanding to the simple. - Psalm 119:130

