*For the choir director. According to Mahalath. A Maskil of David.*
**The wicked fool says in his heart, “There is no God,”
They act corruptly, and commit abominable injustice;
There is no one who does good.
God looks down from heaven upon the sons of men
To see if there is anyone who has insight,
Anyone who seeks after God.
Every one of them has turned back; together they have become worthless;
There is no one who does good, not even one.
Do the workers of iniquity not know,
Who eat up my people as they eat bread
And do not call upon God?
There they were in great dread where no dread had been;
For God scattered the bones of him who encamped against you;
You put them to shame, because God had rejected them.
Oh, that the salvation of Israel would come out of Zion!
When God restores His captive people,
May Jacob rejoice, may Israel be glad.**
— [Psalm 53](<https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=PSA53&version=NASB,KJV>)

**Therefore there is now no condemnation at all for those who are in Christ Jesus. For the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus has set you free from the law of sin and of death. For what the Law could not do, weak as it was through the flesh, God _did_: sending His own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh and _as an offering_ for sin, He condemned sin in the flesh, so that the requirement of the Law might be fulfilled in us who do not walk according to the flesh but according to the Spirit. For those who are in accord with the flesh set their minds on the things of the flesh, but those who are in accord with the Spirit, the things of the Spirit. For the mind set on the flesh is death, but the mind set on the Spirit is life and peace, because the mind set on the flesh is hostile toward God; for it does not subject itself to the law of God, for it is not even able _to do so_, and those who are in the flesh cannot please God.**
— [Romans 8:1-8](<https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=RM8.1-8&version=NASB,KJV>)

**For I consider that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy _to be_ compared with the glory that is to be revealed to us. For the eagerly awaiting creation waits for the revealing of the sons _and daughters_ of God. For the creation was subjected to futility, not willingly, but because of Him who subjected _it_, in hope that the creation itself also will be set free from its slavery to corruption into the freedom of the glory of the children of God. For we know that the whole creation groans and suffers the pains of childbirth together until now. And not only _that_, but also we ourselves, having the first fruits of the Spirit, even we ourselves groan within ourselves, waiting eagerly for _our_ adoption as sons _and daughters_, the redemption of our body. For in hope we have been saved, but hope that is seen is not hope; for who hopes for what he _already_ sees? But if we hope for what we do not see, through perseverance we wait eagerly _for it_.**
— [Romans 8:18-25](<https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=RM8.18-25&version=NASB;KJV>)

**And we know that God causes all things to work together for good to those who love God, to those who are called according to _His_ purpose. For those whom He foreknew, He also predestined _to become_ conformed to the image of His Son, so that He would be the firstborn among many brothers _and sisters_; and these whom He predestined, He also called; and these whom He called, He also justified; and these whom He justified, He also glorified.**

**What then shall we say to these things? If God _is_ for us, who _is_ against us? He who did not spare His own Son, but delivered Him over for us all, how will He not also with Him freely give us all things? Who will bring charges against God’s elect? God is the one who justifies; who is the one who condemns? Christ Jesus is He who died, but rather, was raised, who is at the right hand of God, who also intercedes for us. Who will separate us from the love of Christ? _Will_ tribulation, or trouble, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or danger, or sword? Just as it is written:**

**“For Your sake we are killed all day long;**  
**We were regarded as sheep to be slaughtered.”**

**But in all these things we overwhelmingly conquer through Him who loved us. For I am convinced that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor things present, nor things to come, nor powers, nor height, nor depth, nor any other created thing will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord.**
— [Romans 8:28-39](<https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=RM8.28-39&version=NASB;KJV>)

---

Lord Jesus we havent talked in here for a while
please help me Lord GOD Almighty King Jesus Christ 
how am i doing?
praise Jesus Christ our Holy Lord GOD Almighty
thank You Jesus Christ our Holy Lord GOD Almighty

---

```
Бо всі згрішили і позбавлені Божої слави (Римляни 3:23)
```

```
Бо заплата за гріх це смерть, а благодатний дар Божий це життя вічне в Христі Ісусі нашому Господі (Римляни 6:23)
```

```
Але Бог демонструє Його власну любов до нас тим, що поки ми були ще грішниками, Христос помер за нас (Римляни 5:8)
```

```
"Бо Бог так полюбив світ, що Він віддав Сина Свого Однородженого (Ісуса), щоб усякий хто вірує в Нього, не згинув, але мав вічне життя. (Йоан 3:16)
```

```
що коли ти устами своїми визнаватимеш Ісуса Господом і серцем своїм віруватимеш, що Бог воскресив Його з мертвих, то спасешся; (Римляни 10:9)
```

```
Бо кожен, хто покличе Ім'я Господа (Ісуса), буде врятований. (Римляни 10:13)
```

---

YHWH
ЙХВХ