Подивившись на них, Ісус відповів: «Це неможливо для людей, але не для Бога, бо для Нього немає нічого неможливого». - Від Матвія 19:26

Make sure that nobody pays back wrong for wrong, but always strive to do what is good for each other and for everyone else. - 1 Thessalonians 5:15

Before his downfall a man's heart is proud, but humility comes before honor. - Proverbs 18:12

Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they will be filled. - Matthew 5:6

Even the youths shall faint and be weary, and the young men shall utterly fall: But they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and not faint. - Isaiah 40:30-31

So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God. I will strengthen you and help you; I will uphold you with my righteous right hand. - Isaiah 41:10

Many are the plans in a person’s heart, but it is the Lord’s purpose that prevails. - Proverbs 19:21

Praise be to the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ! In his great mercy he has given us new birth into a living hope through the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead - 1 Peter 1:3

Are not five sparrows sold for two pennies? Yet not one of them is forgotten by God. Indeed, the very hairs of your head are all numbered. Don’t be afraid; you are worth more than many sparrows. - Luke 12:6-7

Rejoice in the Lord always. I will say it again: Rejoice! - Philippians 4:4

Godly sorrow brings repentance that leads to salvation and leaves no regret, but worldly sorrow brings death. - 2 Corinthians 7:10

Dear children, let us not love with words or speech but with actions and in truth. - 1 John 3:18

God who began a good work in you will carry it on to completion until the day of Christ Jesus. - Philippians 1:6

However, if you suffer as a Christian, do not be ashamed, but praise God that you bear that name. - 1 Peter 4:16

But the wisdom that comes from heaven is first of all pure; then peace-loving, considerate, submissive, full of mercy and good fruit, impartial and sincere. - James 3:17

I lift up my eyes to the mountains—where does my help come from? My help comes from the Lord, the Maker of heaven and earth. - Psalm 121:1-2

For the LORD is our judge, the LORD is our lawgiver, the LORD is our king; it is he who will save us. - Isaiah 33:22

Do not boast about tomorrow, for you do not know what a day may bring. - Proverbs 27:1

The Lord will guide you always; he will satisfy your needs in a sun-scorched land and will strengthen your frame. You will be like a well-watered garden, like a spring whose waters never fail. - Isaiah 58:11

For to me, to live is Christ and to die is gain. - Philippians 1:21

Therefore, since we have these promises, dear friends, let us purify ourselves from everything that contaminates body and spirit, perfecting holiness out of reverence for God. - 2 Corinthians 7:1

Great is the Lord and most worthy of praise; his greatness no one can fathom. - Psalm 145:3

You too, be patient and stand firm, because the Lord’s coming is near. - James 5:8

Delight yourself in the LORD and he will give you the desires of your heart. - Psalm 37:4

As the deer pants for streams of water, so my soul pants for you, my God. - Psalm 42:1

How great you are, Sovereign lord! There is no one like you, and there is no God but you, as we have heard with our own ears. - 2 Samuel 7:22

And you also were included in Christ when you heard the message of truth, the gospel of your salvation. When you believed, you were marked in him with a seal, the promised Holy Spirit, who is a deposit guaranteeing our inheritance until the redemption of those who are God’s possession—to the praise of his glory. - Ephesians 1:13-14

I remain confident of this: I will see the goodness of the lord in the land of the living. - Psalm 27:13 

