**“You are the salt of the earth; but if the salt has become tasteless, how can it be made salty again? It is no longer good for anything, except to be thrown out and trampled under foot by men. 	

“You are the light of the world. A city set on a hill cannot be hidden; nor does anyone light a lamp and put it under a basket, but on the lampstand, and it gives light to all who are in the house. Let your light shine before men in such a way that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father who is in heaven.**
— Matthew 5:13-16

Hallelujah thank YOU JESUS CHRIST our HOLY LORD GOD ALMIGHTY KING of kings and LORD of lords ✝️ 💗 🙏🏼 GOD bless you guys, may Jesus our LORD GOD MOST HIGH bless you with an amazingly peaceful day today and forevermore ✝️ 💕 🙏🏼 
##### shop
- [x] булочки
- [x] кефір
- [x] хліб батон з льоном
- [x] фейрі nowa 52грн
- [x] нео синій засіб
- [x] яйця
- [x] туалетний папір
##### BIBLE verse
So then each one of us will give an account of himself to God. (Romans 14:12)
be saved from hell: repent and believe on JESUS CHRIST our LORD GOD ALMIGHTY

De maneira que cada um de nós dará conta de si mesmo a Deus. (Romanos 14:12)
ser salvo do inferno: arrepender-se e crer em JESUS CRISTO, nosso SENHOR DEUS ALTÍSSIMO

De manera que cada uno de nosotros dará a Dios cuenta de sí. (Romanos 14:12)
ser salvado del infierno: arrepentirse y creer en JESUCRISTO nuestro SEÑOR DIOS TODOpoderoso

Ainsi chacun de nous rendra compte à Dieu pour lui-même. (Romains 14:12)
être sauvé de l'enfer : se repentir et croire en JÉSUS-CHRIST notre SEIGNEUR DIEU TOUT-PUISSANT

So wird nun ein jeglicher für sich selbst Gott Rechenschaft geben. (Roemer 14:12)
vor der Hölle gerettet werden: tut Buße und glaubt an JESUS CHRISTUS, unseren HERRN, den ALLMÄCHTIGEN GOTT

Cosí dunque ognuno di noi renderà conto di se stesso a Dio. (Romani 14:12)
essere salvati dall'inferno: pentirsi e credere in GESU' CRISTO nostro SIGNORE DIO ALMENO

Тому кожен із нас сам за себе дасть відповідь Богові. (Римлян 14:12)
спасіться від пекла: покайтеся і віруйте в ІСУСА ХРИСТА ГОСПОДА нашого БОГА ВСЕМОГУТНЬОГО
##### JESUS help
please DADDY JESUS take me Home, this world is just not my home FATHER GOD please DADDY JESUS have mercy on me LORD. no matter what i do it seems i can never get satisfied in this life. please Daddy JESUS i dont know what to do anymore and if that what im doing is even what YOU Want from me FATHER GOD please DADDY JESUS help us understand what my purpose is in this life FATHER GOD please JESUS give us clarity if its YOUR HOLY WILL FATHER GOD please DADDY JESUS have mercy on us LORD JESUS CHRIST. im just so lost DADDY JESUS CHRIST i have no idea what im doing or what im about to do i just have no idea what to do anymore DADDY JESUS, it all seems so empty and meaningless and i dont see any fruits of my labor FATHER GOD please take me Home DADDY JESUS CHRIST im so tired of this world LORD GOD please JESUS have mercy on me LORD GOD MOST HIGH ✝️💝 in JESUS HOLY NAME we pray LORD GOD ALMIGHTY KING JESUS CHRIST our LORD OF LORDS AND KING OF KINGS ✝️💖 AMEN
##### Brandon messsage
**And Jesus said to them, “Therefore every scribe who has become a disciple of the kingdom of heaven is like a head of a household, who brings out of his treasure new things and old.”**
~ Matthew 13:52

HALLELUJAH THANK YOU JESUS CHRIST our HOLY LORD GOD ALMIGHTY KING OF KINGS AND LORD OF LORDS ✝️💞 GOD bless you brother Brandon, i pray and hope you been well
##### Gospel of Matthew movie sharing
[Hallelujah thank YOU JESUS CHRIST our HOLY LORD GOD ALMIGHTY](https://youtu.be/yf9jWonGL74) ✝️💝 GOD showed me an amazing verse-by-verse movie on the Gospel of Matthew