**Give thanks to the Lord, for He is good,  
For His mercy is everlasting.  
The redeemed of the Lord shall say _so_,  
_Those_ whom He has redeemed from the hand of the enemy  
And gathered from the lands,  
From the east and from the west,  
From the north and from the south.**

**They wandered in the wilderness in a desert region;  
They did not find a way to an inhabited city.  
_They were_ hungry and thirsty;  
Their souls felt weak within them.  
Then they cried out to the Lord in their trouble;  
He saved them from their distresses.  
He also had them walk on a straight way,  
To go to an inhabited city.  
They shall give thanks to the Lord for His mercy,  
And for His wonders to the sons of mankind!  
For He has satisfied the thirsty soul,  
And He has filled the hungry soul with what is good.**

**There were those who lived in darkness and in the shadow of death,  
Prisoners in misery and chains,  
Because they had rebelled against the words of God  
And rejected the plan of the Most High.  
Therefore He humbled their heart with labor;  
They stumbled and there was no one to help.  
Then they cried out to the Lord in their trouble;  
He saved them from their distresses.  
He brought them out of darkness and the shadow of death  
And broke their bands apart.  
They shall give thanks to the Lord for His mercy,  
And for His wonders to the sons of mankind!  
For He has shattered gates of bronze  
And cut off bars of iron.**

**Fools, because of their rebellious way,  
And because of their guilty deeds, were afflicted.**
– [Psalm 107:1-17 NASB](<https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=PS107.1-17&version=NASB,KJV>)

---

12am morning devotionals
6pm morning prayer and planning the day
7pm beginning the work for the day
12pm meal
3pm manual labor
6pm evening prayer and Bible reading
9pm bedtime