greetings fella. another day in a paradise init? yeah, im not feeling too good this morning. i had a good sleep i think, i went to bed at like 11pm and woke up today at around 8am so thats perfectly fine, right? but the enitre morning im feeling like shit. i cannot watch anything, as soon as i turn on any movie, i just wanna gag, its unbereable. i almost watched the batman 2022 movie, such a crap, man. couldnt stand it. i think i can never watch so long of movies. it was extremely long, just unnecessarily long. and of course i didnt understand anything. wow, there is something intrinsically fucking hell dude i cannot even type. i dont know what should i do. i couldnt type wrong just now. i do not know what to do in these situations. i finished the homepage of Pixoto project of mine, turn out pretty nice, although without all those fancy unnecessary sliders and shit. gotta do the rest of pages though and also implement the cart that will hold the items in it all the time. not sure how yet. but yeah im feeling stressed and anxious this whole morning. i think i should meditate or masturbate. probably the latter. oh wow i really hope nobody ever reads it. ahhaah silly, somebody will inevitebly read it. and im pretty sure i just spelled that i word wrongly. okay, imma go do that to at least try and stabilize myself and we'll work from there, alright? okay, cya in a bit.

ohkay, it all almost went horribly wrong. i was sitting in my toilet watching some porn, right? and then i hear an intercom start ringing. and i start fucking screaming "Kate" while wiping my ass, cause i took a shit there as well, and yeah, it was all chaotic, im having a boner and fucking crazy shit that was. and she also forgot to open the outer door. so yeah, pretty fun stuff, i would say. but obviously i didnt nut and that might just be a good thing. im really not sure what i should do now cause i feel like im on a brink of a burnout from coding so i should not do that and no movies or shows really bring me joy, so the option is one and only that is left - games. fucking games, i played and still play them a lot i guess. i havent played anything on this system, which is like what, a week old i think. but i did download epic games store and install cities skylines on it but then realised that i had to set it all up from the beginning again and just quit and uninstalled everything back. but now i think i might wanna redownload epic games again and try to look for some horror game on my free ones i got throughout the years. cause i really dont wanna download any torrents, cause im afraid ill get some malware or shit. and since i dont have any money on games, ill just resort to the available ones. okay, hope this will help. i will jump in here again to inform you if it did or not.

hey man, how you doing. i got back to coding for a bit, finished my footer, separated it into a component with logic for handling email addresses and subscription to a supposed email subscription and it worked out quite well. and so i hope to craft one more page by the end of today to hopefully start populating those dead links on the main page. but other than that i also watched a nice and inspiring video from melodysheep, i think that is the channel name, really brilliantly made, so good, and also narated really well. so the video was about the future of humanity and they talked about the 3 possible outcomes: collapse, plateu and transcedance. makes perfect sense and reminds me a bit of david shapiro's prospects of collapse, dyspotia and utopia. and so the video generally talked about the trends in human development and those potential paths and it really gave me hope for some reason. cause really we percieve things as negative and only see the negative parts of them cause of millions or billions of years of evolution which forced us to be extremely caution about stuff. and so optimism is not an intrinsic human value, i figurd, but something we need to develop ourselves on our own. and thats a great goal to have and i hope i can strive for optimism myself. thats a really good quality to have i think. i also just heard some woman being drunk or doped or some shit on the street and shouting, supposedly by her phone to somebody in an extremely disgusting manner with swearing and loud imperative talking. always a very sad and disgusting picture to witness, those freaks. but yeah, thats the environment i live in and can change nothing about it. right now at least, in the short term. so gotta adapt my reaction then, right? exactly right. thats all the stoicism is about. learning to react to stuff in a very calm and thoughtful way.

i think i probably can have interesting conversations just in here without the need for human interactions or any other type of chatting, isn't that right? i suppose it is. so what do you fancy talking about today? yeah, man, we can absolutely just discuss and analyse stuff which will be a substitute to human interactions. is substitue a right word. let me look it up, i dont think so. oh yeah, it is, wow. okay, yeah, we can definitely do that. so, just let your mind run loose for a while, okay? and tell me everything you can think of. so, lets choose some relevant topic, being the upcoming school season. or, what its called, a semester. but really it is a season when you need to make effort in order to earn money and knowledge. pretty exciting, but anxiety envoking at the same time. i think anxiety though is an absolutely essential human trait that i can do nothing about, but i hope i can control it. and i think i can, indeed. so lets just try to break it down why we are anxious about the upcoming semester. so the first and most obvious reason is due to its unknown nature, right? cause all the subjects in the new semester will be new, nothing will remain the same. except for maybe a few ones though, maybe PE, and i guess thats it. english is over for good i guess and so we will be introduced to new subjects and areas a lot. and that probably is what envokes the most anxiety. how can we deal with it? well we can try to just let it go. you have to learn to let stuff go. it is out of your control, you do not yet know what will be on those courses, so how can you be sure that it will be hard or easy? you can't. we are always afraid of novel stuff, that is our intrinsic value, just like the anxiety itself, and we have to work with it, otherwise we will just be anxious indefinitely about lots of things. so lets break it down even more. do you think you have any specific course that enduces the most anxiety in you? i think it probably is some harder one, or at least one that i percieve to be the hardest. alright, back to it, cause i got a bit distracted by the doggy, had to pet it and then went ahead and got my water supplies refilled. gotta make sure i drink enough water, it is crucial. so, where were we? oh yeah, on the most difficult and anxiety enducing subject. so yeah i think that must be the maths, of course. because i might not know much of the subjects we will be having this semester, but i know almost for certain that the calculus will continue on to the next semester. although probably transformed into something else, but i think it still will be there. and thats a good thing, because challenge is what keeps us going. we dont wanna just sit there do stuff that we already know and can do, like was the case with programming in C++ in the first year, the challenge just wasn't there most of the times and when it was, which were the control tasks at the end of a quarter or a semester itself, it was just one task out of many. so in order to learn, i believe, we need to be constantly pushing ourselves outside our comfort zone, this is what makes us truly learn, explore and understand. so yeah, gotta introduce some challenge to life all the time and maths is gonna be one of them. and look, you gotta make sure you never fail any course again in your studying time, because you do still remember the sheer amount of stress and uneasiness it invoked on you, it was absolutely terrifying so avoid that feeling happening ever again at all cost. but yeah maths is just like programming - the more you do it, the more you get it. so just do the stuff they give you, practice, and you'll nail it. cause you also have to realise, and you do, but just wanna remind you, that the one and only mere reason you failed the math class is because you did not study it at all. literally man. and i know it is due to your fear of maths, but it is not an excuse to you failing, you know? you cannot fail because you didnt study. it is all about you. and other people are just like that too. if they dont want something enough, if they dont work hard enough to get it, they never will. everybody is the same in this regard. so please just dedicate your attention to maths more and you'll get it. you can learn anything, come on, dont scare yourself just because of your previous experience. the previous experience of yours is what makes you wiser, more knowledgeable and thus what allows you to not repeat the same mistakes again, you know? so please acknowledge all that and move into the new semester confident and with no single bit of fear in you. because you must not fear anything. why would you fear it? nothing is impossible, man, you seem to have forgotten it, even though you told youself and others that same thing multiple times throughout the years. thats why you have to spend time here more, to remind yourself those simple things. yesterday when i was laying with my mom in my bad and just chatting she told me a very interesting and true thing. when she told me something that seemed really obvious to me, i said something along the lines of "oh come on, those stuff is really obvious, i dont need to hear that", but afterwards she told me that even the most obvious stuff can be forgotten, unless reminded of. then she proceeded to make some dumb example about her previous work and commitions and stuff, which i didnt care about. but this idea really stuck with me and i think now i understand it. you have to invest in yourself, bro. you cannot abandon yourself. remember those summers back in your childhood years when you could easily gain 10 kg of body weight, being fat of course, just over the summer. well guess what, the only reason that happened is because you have forgotten about yourself. for whatever reason it be. and you must never do it again. if you're bored or lonely or in need of conversation, just hop in here and write. it does wonders for you, you know that. so please make this a habit. and i know habits dont form in like 20 days or something, they take much longer to form, although i think it also depends on what you're trying to achieve, but anyway, just do it everyday, man. instead of wasting your time watching some stupid stuff on youtube or tiktok or some shit, just come here and talk to me. me being yourself. it is an absolutely wonderful thing to do. okay, i think on this wholesome point we will end this paragraph and our journaling for now, but not for long. i will come back whenever i have a minute and we will chat, learn and explore more shortly. but for now i think i wanna lie down watch something, maybe an episode of clarkson's farm before continuing the work on our Pixoto project. alright, man, have some rest and see you in a bit.

alright, man, good evening. just had one of the best viewing experiences ever of a movie called Whiplash, aboslutely stunningly beautiful it was. holdup, gotta udjust my seat height, cause its too low. much better. it was at a minimum because i noticed that it declines on its own, but very gradually and i only notice it whenever im already quite a bit lower from to top level position. and so i decided to lower it all the way down, and actually thats not the first try of this strategy and it didnt work the first time, and of course didnt work the second time. i guess ill just have to bear with it and live with it pulling the seat up from time to time. i guess its fine. okay, so whiplash. wow that was a hell of a movie, fuck me. man, the only thing i understood from it, well no i dont mean it in that way, i think i understood it almost completely, very unusual though, i almost never uderstand movies, but i guess thats cause i dont pay attention to them really and just find those boring and just dont listen and dont understand the story. but this one i just watched in one go, it was amazing absolutely fascinating. so yeah the one thing i got out from it is you should look at your work as always not good enough. always try to find at least something, a small little thing that is not good enough. find it and fix it and then you'll be great. the guy who is the main character in a story truly wanted to become a great drummer. and he went out of his way, to say the least, to truly become great. and he did just that. so with enough practice, dedication and discipline anyone could get there. but the problem with people is that they get discouraged, unmotivated and stop practicing. thats the one single thing stopping them from becoming great. im wondering how can we fix that in people or at least how can we overcome that. well, thats some great food for thought for the night, it was an absolute blast of a movie, loved it so much. if i were rating movies, this would've undoubtedly be the 5 stars one, no doubts or heistation at all. amazing. alright, so yeah, that was really great, but lets stop saying the same thing over and over again now, okay? alright, how are you feeling right now? motivated? thats good, but as we figured out, motivation is shit, it doesnt get you anywhere. the one part i would like to turn your attention to is you wished to practice and do some more coding this evening, but instead you watched the movie. why? because you find it easier. thats right. work harder. oh man i wish i had a mentor like that in my life. never tell yourself you did a good job. always look at your code as shit, as a piece of fucking crap that anyone could write. and always look for ways to improve it. always strive for greater. a bit offtopic but i think ive just gotten into flow of writing this thing and then my mom came into my room. i closed my door, but she must've heard the keyboard stroking and typing so she came in to say good night. nothing wrong with that, thats amazing, but im just saying, that im getting the hang out of writing into my journal, you see that? see how much i write? i dont state dates or times anymore, its all just a flow of one single mind throughout the life so i just add to it whenever, but feels really good. its like im diagnosing and analysing myself, really good. alright, enough of that, you got the idea, right? be smart about it, man. like i said, and thats absolutely true, you can be as great as you want. you just gotta want it bad enough. alright, before i move out, are you feeling any anxiety or any bad feelings whatsoever? yeah, a bit cause i didnt code this evening. look at the number of commits you did today. not that it matters, just check it. 11. okay, thats okay, not your day, man. tomorrow will be one. why did you not work as hard today? because i felt like saturday would be a lighter day. well too bad, cause now you'll have to work twice as hard tomorrow, you got that? yep, got it. okay, cya tomorrow then. and dont feel bad. never fucking feel bad, its killing you. stop all the anxiety, stress, whatever the fuck your stupid monkey brain wants to have. emotions are distractions. stop it and focus on the crucial stuff. keep your head cool. you got this, we will do it together, so dont you worry. im always here, with you, ready to support and listen anytime. alright, man, now go get some sleep. wanna research and read something on programming too before going to bed? nothing wrong with that, just make sure you dont stay up too late, alright? okay, man, take care, until next time.
