yesterday i had a calling from God to abandon my university studying and go to war
i told it to my parents, they freaked out very much
my mom was crying a lot and my dad was furious saying thats not what God wants for me
today, just on the next day from that, i notice a new poster in my usual store i go to - in ATB they placed a poster with an advertisement of an assault battalion called Wrath (Лють)
i heard about this battalion before, its one of the battalions of the Counteroffensive Guard (Гвардія наступу), but i never gotten interested in it at all. i thought i would go to Bratstvo (Братство) battalion once i graduate, but many are the plans in person's heart yet it is the LORD who determines their steps
and so, as i was looking at that poster, cause i really liked it and i wanted to approach it and take a picture of it, some young guy about my age or maybe a bit older came up to me as i was in the queue, and said "brother, why are you always smiling? i notice it not for the first time now. you listening to something funny?"
i shied away as always, im sorry Lord GOD please work on my shyness Lord Jesus Christ, and i just said i had a good mood. he left not long after
i didnt approach the poster to take a photo of it, cause that guy caught me off-guard
i went to the drugstore across the street to get some medicine for my father who's sick now, Lord GOD please have mercy on my father my Merciful Holy Father GOD Most High King Jesus Christ our Lord Almighty Savior please heal him if its Your Holy Will Lord GOD Most High in Jesus Holy Name i pray Lord GOD Amen
and so as i was approaching my the apartment entrance my phone rang
i picked up, they said "Олегу Анатолійовичу, турбує вас перше відділення поліції" (Oleh Anatoliyovych, first police department calling)
my first thoughts were - what have i done wrong? 😄
as i was entering the apartment complex, they said something i didnt quite hear fully, so i asked again
as they repeated, i heard it clearly - "Пропонуємо вам працювати в поліції, в штурмовому батальйоні Лють" (we offer you to work for police in an assault battalion Wrath)
i was amazed but very interested. cause literally yesterday i was planning to leave the uni, and today GOD gives me an opportunity to do that
they said "цікавить вас?" (are you interested?)
i said "можливо, а які вимоги?" (perhaps, and what are the requirements)
they said "а що саме вас цікавить? можу дати вам телефон, наберіть і все детально вам розкажуть" (what exactly interests you? i can give you a phone number, you call and they'll tell you everything)
i took the phone: +380680558939 or 0680558939, marked as Кирило Сергійович (Kyrylo Serhiyovych)
i thanked them and that was it. wow, Lord You are truly beyond any of our wildest imaginations and Your plans are way way way higher than we can ever possibly try to begin imagining. wow Lord GOD i am completely in awe and amazement at what You Lord GOD can do. now im starting to get the verse - everything is possible for him who believes
Lord GOD i wanna commit all of my ways, all my decisions in this life completely to You Lord GOD
i see how amazingly incredibly faithful You Are Lord GOD, thank You so much for giving me this opportunity
we must call tomorrow, God said