# post
- [x] пакети сміття 
- [x] чай
- [x] земля
- [x] горщик для квітів маленький
- [x] пошта 
- [x] хліб льон
# writing out shift symbols
1 ! !
2 @ " 
3 # №
4 $ ;
5 % %
6 ^ :
7 & ?
8 * *
9 ( (
0 ) )
; ж ' є
# praise JESUS CHRIST 
HALLELUJAH THANK YOU JESUS CHRIST our HOLY LORD GOD ALMIGHTY
DADDY JESUS CHRIST our HOLY LORD GOD ALMIGHTY THANK YOU LORD
thank YOU FATHER GOD 
thank YOU JESUS CHRIST our HOLY LORD GOD ALMIGHTY
thank YOU HOLY SPIRIT
thank YOU GOD ! 
thank YOU JESUS CHRIST our HOLY LORD GOD ALMIGHTY
HALLELUJAH
HALLELUJAH
HALLELUJAH
All the GLORY is YOURS ALONE forever and ever DADDY JESUS CHRIST
in JESUS HOLY NAME we pray LORD GOD ALMIGHTY KING JESUS CHRIST our LORD 
AMEN
JESUS please protect dalaboa and save him and his family FATHER GOD 
in JESUS HOLY NAME we pray LORD GOD AMEN
“praise JESUS CHRIST our HOLY LORD GOD ALMIGHTY KING OF KINGS AND LORD OF LORDS”
‘praise JESUS CHRIST our HOLY LORD GOD ALMIGHTY KING OF KINGS AND LORD OF LORDS HALLELUJAH THANK YOU JESUS’
# figuring out Luke 7:36-50 what Simon was JESUS talking to
**Now one of the Pharisees was requesting Him to eat with him, and He entered the Pharisee’s house and reclined at the table. And there was a woman in the city who was a sinner; and when she learned that He was reclining at the table in the Pharisee’s house, she brought an alabaster vial of perfume, and standing behind Him at His feet, weeping, she began to wet His feet with her tears, and she wiped them with the hair of her head, and began kissing His feet and anointing them with the perfume. Now when the Pharisee who had invited Him saw this, he said to himself, “If this man were a prophet He would know who and what sort of person this woman is who is touching Him, that she is a sinner!”**

**And Jesus responded and said to him, “Simon, I have something to say to you.” And he replied, “Say it, Teacher.” “A moneylender had two debtors: the one owed five hundred denarii, and the other, fifty. When they were unable to repay, he canceled the debts of both. So which of them will love him more?” Simon answered and said, “I assume the one for whom he canceled the greater debt.” And He said to him, “You have judged correctly.” And turning toward the woman, He said to Simon, “Do you see this woman? I entered your house; you gave Me no water for My feet, but she has wet My feet with her tears and wiped them with her hair. You gave Me no kiss; but she has not stopped kissing My feet since the time I came in. You did not anoint My head with oil, but she anointed My feet with perfume. For this reason I say to you, her sins, which are many, have been forgiven, for she loved much; but the one who is forgiven little, loves little.” And He said to her, “Your sins have been forgiven.” And then those who were reclining at the table with Him began saying to themselves, “Who is this man who even forgives sins?” And He said to the woman, “Your faith has saved you; go in peace.”**
~ [LUK 7:36-50](https://www.bible.com/bible/2692/LUK.7.36-50)

**Now one of the Pharisees was requesting Him to eat with him, and He entered the Pharisee’s house and reclined at the table. And there was a woman in the city who was a sinner; and when she learned that He was reclining at the table in the Pharisee’s house, she brought an alabaster vial of perfume, and standing behind Him at His feet, weeping, she began to wet His feet with her tears, and she wiped them with the hair of her head, and began kissing His feet and anointing them with the perfume. Now when the Pharisee who had invited Him saw this, he said to himself, “If this man were a prophet He would know who and what sort of person this woman is who is touching Him, that she is a sinner!”**

**And Jesus responded and said to him, “Simon, I have something to say to you.” And he replied, “Say it, Teacher.”**
~ [LUK 7:36-40](https://www.bible.com/bible/2692/LUK.7.36-40)

Hallelujah thank YOU JESUS CHRIST our HOLY LORD GOD ALMIGHTY ✝️💓
GOD bless you guys
is JESUS talking to Peter here or the Pharisee's name is Simon?
i think the Pharisee's name was Simon, right?
# BIBLE Verse
It is a trustworthy statement, deserving full acceptance, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners, among whom I am foremost. (1 Timothy 1:15)
be saved from hell! repent and believe on JESUS CHRIST

Esta é uma palavra fiel e digna de toda aceitação: que Cristo Jesus veio ao mundo, para salvar os pecadores, dos quais eu sou o principal. (1 Timóteo 1:15)
seja salvo do inferno! arrependa-se e creia em JESUS CRISTO

Palabra fiel y digna de ser recibida por todos: que Cristo Jesús vino al mundo para salvar a los pecadores, de los cuales yo soy el primero. (1 Timoteo 1:15)
¡sálvate del infierno! arrepiéntete y cree en JESUCRISTO

C'est une parole certaine et entièrement digne d'être reçue, que Jésus Christ est venu dans le monde pour sauver les pécheurs, dont je suis le premier. (1 Timothée 1:15)
Soyez sauvés de l'enfer ! repentez-vous et croyez en JESUS-CHRIST

Das ist gewißlich wahr und ein teuer wertes Wort, daß Christus Jesus gekommen ist in die Welt, die Sünder selig zu machen, unter welchen ich der vornehmste bin. (1 Timotheus 1:15)
Tut Buße und glaubt an JESUS CHRISTUS, um vor der Hölle gerettet zu werden!

Questa parola è sicura e degna di essere pienamente accettata, che Cristo Gesú è venuto nel mondo per salvare i peccatori, dei quali io sono il primo. (1 Timoteo 1:15)
Siate salvati dall'inferno! Pentitevi e credete in GESU' CRISTO

Вірне це слово, і гідне всякого прийняття, що Христос Ісус прийшов у світ спасти грішних, із яких перший то я. (1 Тимофію 1:15)
спасися від пекла! покайся і увіруй в ІСУСА ХРИСТА
# BIBLE good verse
**Now as they were traveling along, He entered a village; and a woman named Martha welcomed Him into her home. She had a sister called Mary, who was seated at the Lord’s feet, listening to His word. But Martha was distracted with all her preparations; and she came up to Him and said, “Lord, do You not care that my sister has left me to do all the serving alone? Then tell her to help me.” But the Lord answered and said to her, “Martha, Martha, you are worried and bothered about so many things; but only one thing is necessary, for Mary has chosen the good part, which shall not be taken away from her.”**
— [Luke 10:38-42](<https://www.bible.com/bible/2692/LUK.10.38-42>) ✝️💝
# why do we seek entertainment DADDY JESUS?
FATHER GOD why do we lust for entertainment?
lately i been wanting to play fortnite again
but the more i look at others play it, the more horrible wicked sinful stuff i see there
not to mention that its literally a shooting game where you kill people, thats abominable
please DADDY JESUS help me understand why we have that and what to do with that
i been watching the OurLifeHomeschooling youtube channel i think is how its called
its about a wonderful Christian family with 12 kids i think who homeschool their kids and grow a lot of their own food
and so i just love watching them, especially doing something like working or resting outside or playing and stuff like that
so now i had a few thoughts of watching some movie, maybe without any voices that would just have some scenery of nature or rural America
something like that, why do we have that also DADDY JESUS?
i know that none of that stuff would satisfy me if i give in
i guess just gotta persevere and not give in DADDY JESUS right FATHER GOD?
thank YOU JESUS i love YOU LORD GOD ALMIGHTY KING JESUS CHRIST our HOLY LORD GOD ALMIGHTY
please DADDY JESUS CHRIST our HOLY LORD GOD MOST HIGH protect us from the enemy
in JESUS HOLY NAME we pray LORD GOD ALMIGHTY
AMEN ✝️💓
# JESUS Transfiguration note
**About eight days after these sayings, He took along Peter, John, and James, and went up on the mountain to pray. And while He was praying, the appearance of His face became different, and His clothing became white and gleaming. And behold, two men were talking with Him; and they were Moses and Elijah, who, appearing in glory, were speaking of His departure, which He was about to accomplish at Jerusalem.**
~ [Luke 9.28-31](<https://www.bible.com/bible/2692/LUK.9.28-31>)

Hallelujah thank YOU JESUS CHRIST our HOLY LORD GOD ALMIGHTY KING OF KINGS AND LORD OF LORDS ✝️💞
one interesting note on JESUS' Transfiguration from brother Phlo:
when JESUS our LORD was Transfigured on that mountain, HE was talking with Moses and Elijah 
and an interesting thing is that both Moses and Elijah talked with GOD on a mountain in the Old Testament:

**So He said, “Go out and stand on the mountain before the Lord.” And behold, the Lord was passing by! And a great and powerful wind was tearing out the mountains and breaking the rocks in pieces before the Lord; but the Lord was not in the wind. And after the wind there was an earthquake, but the Lord was not in the earthquake. And after the earthquake, a fire, but the Lord was not in the fire; and after the fire, a sound of a gentle blowing. When Elijah heard it, he wrapped his face in his cloak and went out and stood in the entrance of the cave. And behold, a voice came to him and said, “What are you doing here, Elijah?”**
~ [1 Kings 19.11-13](<https://www.bible.com/bible/2692/1KI.19.11-13>)

**Then the Lord came down on Mount Sinai, to the top of the mountain; and the Lord called Moses to the top of the mountain, and Moses went up.**
~ [Exodus 19.20](<https://www.bible.com/bible/2692/EXO.19.20>)

GOD bless you guys, praise JESUS CHRIST our HOLY LORD GOD ALMIGHTY KING OF KINGS AND LORD OF LORDS ✝️💝
# choosing a Christian denomination
## Orthodox:
- They don't believe in the Papal Authority.
- The Holy Spirit proceeds from the Father alone.
- Icons are to be venerated
- Prayer to saints are valid
- There are many mysteries in the church, that one ought to still believe regardless.
- Use tradition to interpret Scripture
- They believe in toll boths (dont know what that means ask an Ortho)

## Roman Catholic:
- Pope is good.
- Eucharist transforms into the body and blood of Christ
- Praying to saints good
- Purgatory is a thing
- Venerating Icons good
- Use tradition to interpret Scripture

## Protestant (High church):
- Eucharist is the body and blood of Christ (not transformed into His body).
- (Second option)Eucharist is spiritual
- Icons are okay for the most part
- No Venerating icons, no praying to saints.
- Tradition is fine as long as it doesn't go against Scripture (Scripture is held slightly higher than tradition)
- Baptism saves + infant baptism (for the most part)
- ***Exceptions***: Some High Church Protestants (Like Anglo-Catholics) adhere to veneration and prayer of Saints and Mary.

## Protestant (Low church):
- Icons aren't that good
- Baptism and the Eucharist are symbolical
- Scripture alone and individualistic learning is better.
- Tradition is spoken of very little.

https://youtu.be/3UDjMGD7P-w?si=bEjNCUuTr_gTk8U6

here are some further readings:
http://christianityinview.com/comparison.html
https://www.thegospelcoalition.org/blogs/trevin-wax/quick-guide-christian-denominations/

And this is a YT channel that focuses and giving an unbiased exposition of each
https://www.youtube.com/@ReadyToHarvest

HALLELUJAH!