13 Then one of the elders responded, saying to me, “These who are dressed in the long white robes—who are they, and from where did they come?” 14 I said to him, “My lord, you know (the answer).” And he said to me, “These are the people who come out of the great tribulation (persecution), and they have washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb (because of His atoning sacrifice). 15 For this reason, they are (standing) before the throne of God; and they serve Him (in worship) day and night in His temple; and He who sits on the throne will spread His tabernacle over them and shelter and protect them (with His presence). 16 They will hunger no longer, nor thirst anymore; nor will the sun beat down on them, nor any (scorching) heat; 17 for the Lamb who is in the center of the throne will be their Shepherd, and He will guide them to springs of the waters of life; and God will wipe every tear from their eyes (giving them eternal comfort).”

---

my hardest trials so far are going on right now. i would've asked you to pray for me, but you are literally me, im talking to myself here, so you've already did that, thanks. Lord God Jesus Christ, i beg you and i plead you Lord God to please just dont let me stray away from you. and like where am i to go even, God is literally sustaining me for everything, He's the one i rely on completely and fully. i guess to the things of this world is the most likely option, but Jesus told us that that old us is dead now. and so it is, Amen. i started doubting God at some point which im sorry for, Lord Jesus please forgive me Father God and please dont send me to hell Lord God please Jesus Christ dont abandon me and dont leave me Lord Jesus please i beg you Father God please Lord Jesus Christ my King of Kings and my Lord of Lords. please just let me persevere through this oh Lord my God Christ Jesus.

God is good and God is great
He will never leave you nor forsake you
You cannot actively habitually practice sin because you are dead to sin
You have the Holy Spirit from God who is literally God living in you
He will guide you and direct you and protect you
Just blindly follow and trust Him
You cannot even imagine Him in fullness, and you're not meant to yet or ever
You are His sheep, God is your father
So keep relying on Him for everything
And know that father Jesus will solve everything whatever comes your way
His will be done, don't you understand?
Anything God doesn't want to happen will not happen!
Only things that God wants to happen are happening, don't you understand?
Stop fearing of losing salvation or not doing enough for God
You will never do enough for God and you will never lose your salvation because it is a gift of God, it's not because of you
He chose you, not vice versa
So keep blindly walking towards God knowing that He is in control and that He is enough for you
God's grace is enough for everything
Reject and remove fear and anxiety from you and start letting go
Let go of this life as it is not yours and you are not in control
God is in control and He will never leave you nor forsake you
Thank you Jesus
Keep waking with God and keep thanking God for everything as everything is thanks to Him only

Also, parallel reading the Bible is not good or useful or convenient at all. It's much better to read one translation fully rather then jumping between different translations all the time or trying to reading two of them at once. 

---